data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/linuxdeploy                                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/runlinux                                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/x11                                           linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/.nomedia                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/LICENSE                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/README.md                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/busybox                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/cpio                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/e2fsck                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/linuxdeploy                linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mke2fs                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/pkgdetails                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/qemu-i386-static           linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/qemu-x86_64-static         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/rpm2cpio                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ssl_helper                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tar                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/unshare                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/unzstd                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/websocket.sh               linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/wget                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/zstd                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/zstdcat                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/zstdmt                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/cli.conf                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/cli.sh                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/config/Linux.conf              linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/alpine/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/alpine/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/archlinux/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/archlinux/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/centos/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/centos/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/centos/filesystem.tgz linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/debootstrap linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/functions linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/aequorea linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/amber linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/artful linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/ascii linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/bartholomea linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/beowulf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/bionic linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/bookworm linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/breezy linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/bullseye linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/buster linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/byzantium linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/ceres linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/chromodoris linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/cosmic linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/crimson linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/dapper linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/dasyatis linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/debian-common linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/devel linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/disco linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/edgy linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/eoan linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/etch linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/etch-m68k linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/feisty linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/focal linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/groovy linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/gutsy linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/hardy linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/hirsute linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/hoary linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/hoary.buildd linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/impish linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/intrepid linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/jammy linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/jaunty linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/jessie linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/jessie-kfreebsd linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/kali linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/kali-dev linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/kali-last-snapshot linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/kali-rolling linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/karmic linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/kinetic linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/lenny linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/lucid linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/lunar linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/maverick linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/moto linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/natty linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/oldoldstable linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/oldstable linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/oneiric linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/potato linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/precise linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/quantal linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/raring linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/sana linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/sarge linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/sarge.buildd linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/sarge.fakechroot linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/saucy linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/sid linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/squeeze linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/stable linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/stretch linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/testing linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/trixie linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/trusty linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/unstable linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/utopic linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/vivid linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/warty linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/warty.buildd linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/wheezy linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/wily linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/woody linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/woody.buildd linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/xenial linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/yakkety linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/debootstrap/scripts/zesty linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/debian/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/deploy.conf  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/deploy.sh    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/docker/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/docker/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/fedora/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/fedora/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/fedora/filesystem.tgz linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/kali/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/kali/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/rootfs/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/rootfs/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/slackware/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/slackware/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/ubuntu/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/bootstrap/ubuntu/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/aid/android_groups linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/aid/deploy.conf   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/aid/deploy.sh     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/deploy.conf       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/deploy.sh         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/emulator/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/emulator/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/hostname/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/hostname/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/hosts/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/hosts/deploy.sh   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/locale/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/locale/deploy.sh  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/mnt/deploy.conf   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/mnt/deploy.sh     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/motd/deploy.conf  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/motd/deploy.sh    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/net/deploy.conf   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/net/deploy.sh     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/power/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/power/deploy.sh   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/profile/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/profile/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/su/deploy.conf    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/su/deploy.sh      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/sudo/deploy.conf  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/sudo/deploy.sh    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/timezone/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/timezone/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/unchroot/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/core/unchroot/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/dbus/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/dbus/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/deploy.conf    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/deploy.sh      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/desktop-base/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/desktop-base/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/lxde/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/lxde/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/mate/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/mate/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/xfce/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/xfce/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/xterm/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/desktop/xterm/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/extra/deploy.conf      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/extra/pulse/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/extra/pulse/deploy.sh  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/extra/ssh/deploy.conf  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/extra/ssh/deploy.sh    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/graphics/deploy.conf   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/graphics/deploy.sh     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/graphics/fb/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/graphics/fb/deploy.sh  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/graphics/fb/xorg.conf  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/graphics/vnc/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/graphics/vnc/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/graphics/x11/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/graphics/x11/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/init/deploy.conf       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/init/deploy.sh         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/init/run-parts/deploy.conf linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/init/run-parts/deploy.sh linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/init/sysv/deploy.conf  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/include/init/sysv/deploy.sh    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/make_rootfs.sh                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/version                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/web/cgi-bin/resize             linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/web/cgi-bin/sync               linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/web/cgi-bin/terminal           linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/web/css/style.css              linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/web/css/xterm.css              linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/web/favicon.png                linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/web/index.html                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/web/js/main.js                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/web/js/xterm-addon-fit.js      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/web/js/xterm.js                linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/web/logo.png                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/web/manifest.json              linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/web/terminal.html              linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/[                          linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/[[                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/acpid                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/adjtimex                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ar                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/arch                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/arp                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ascii                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ash                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/awk                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/base32                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/base64                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/basename                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/bbconfig                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/bc                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/beep                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/blkdiscard                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/blkid                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/blockdev                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/bootchartd                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/brctl                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/bunzip2                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/bzcat                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/bzip2                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/cal                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/cat                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/chat                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/chattr                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/chgrp                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/chmod                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/chown                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/chpst                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/chroot                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/chrt                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/chvt                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/cksum                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/clear                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/cmp                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/comm                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/conspy                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/cp                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/crc32                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/crond                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/crontab                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/cryptpw                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/cttyhack                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/cut                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/date                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/dc                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/dd                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/deallocvt                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/depmod                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/devfsd                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/devmem                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/df                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/dhcprelay                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/diff                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/dirname                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/dmesg                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/dnsd                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/dnsdomainname              linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/dos2unix                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/dpkg                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/dpkg-deb                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/du                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/dumpkmap                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/dumpleases                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/echo                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ed                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/egrep                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/eject                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/env                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/envdir                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/envuidgid                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ether-wake                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/expand                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/expr                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/factor                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fakeidentd                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fallocate                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/false                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fatattr                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fbset                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fbsplash                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fdflush                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fdformat                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fdisk                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fgconsole                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fgrep                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/find                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/findfs                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/flock                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fold                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/free                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/freeramdisk                linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fsck                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fsck.minix                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fsfreeze                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fstrim                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fsync                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ftpd                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ftpget                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ftpput                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/fuser                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/getopt                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/getty                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/grep                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/groups                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/gunzip                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/gzip                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/halt                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/hd                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/hdparm                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/head                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/hexdump                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/hexedit                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/hostname                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/httpd                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/hush                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/hwclock                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/i2cdetect                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/i2cdump                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/i2cget                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/i2cset                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/i2ctransfer                linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/id                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ifconfig                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ifdown                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ifenslave                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ifplugd                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ifup                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/inetd                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/init                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/inotifyd                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/insmod                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/install                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ionice                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/iostat                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ip                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ipaddr                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ipcalc                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/iplink                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ipneigh                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/iproute                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/iprule                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/iptunnel                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/kbd_mode                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/kill                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/killall                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/killall5                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/klogd                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/less                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/link                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/linux32                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/linux64                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/linuxrc                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ln                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/loadkmap                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/logger                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/logname                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/losetup                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/lpd                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/lpq                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/lpr                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ls                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/lsattr                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/lsmod                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/lsof                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/lspci                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/lsscsi                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/lsusb                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/lzcat                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/lzma                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/lzop                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/lzopcat                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/makedevs                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/makemime                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/man                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/md5sum                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mesg                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/microcom                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mim                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mkdir                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mkdosfs                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mkfifo                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mkfs.ext2                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mkfs.minix                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mkfs.reiser                linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mkfs.vfat                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mknod                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mkpasswd                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mkswap                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mktemp                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/modinfo                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/modprobe                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/more                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mount                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mountpoint                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mpstat                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mt                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/mv                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/nameif                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/nbd-client                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/nc                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/netstat                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/nice                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/nl                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/nmeter                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/nohup                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/nologin                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/nproc                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/nsenter                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/nslookup                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ntpd                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/nuke                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/od                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/openvt                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/partprobe                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/paste                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/patch                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/pgrep                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/pidof                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ping                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ping6                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/pipe_progress              linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/pivot_root                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/pkill                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/pmap                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/popmaildir                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/poweroff                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/powertop                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/printenv                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/printf                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ps                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/pscan                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/pstree                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/pwd                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/pwdx                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/raidautorun                linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/rdate                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/rdev                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/readlink                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/readprofile                linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/realpath                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/reboot                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/reformime                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/renice                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/reset                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/resize                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/resume                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/rev                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/rfkill                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/rm                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/rmdir                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/rmmod                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/route                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/rpm                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/rtcwake                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/run-init                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/run-parts                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/runsv                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/runsvdir                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/rx                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/script                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/scriptreplay               linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/sed                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/seedrng                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/sendmail                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/seq                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/setarch                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/setconsole                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/setfattr                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/setkeycodes                linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/setlogcons                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/setpriv                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/setserial                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/setsid                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/setuidgid                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/sh                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/sha1sum                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/sha256sum                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/sha3sum                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/sha512sum                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/showkey                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/shred                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/shuf                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/slattach                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/sleep                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/smemcap                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/softlimit                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/sort                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/split                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/start-stop-daemon          linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/stat                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/strings                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/stty                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/sum                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/sv                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/svc                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/svlogd                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/svok                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/swapoff                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/swapon                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/switch_root                linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/sync                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/sysctl                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tac                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tail                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/taskset                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tc                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tcpsvd                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tee                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/telnet                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/telnetd                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/test                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tftp                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tftpd                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/time                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/timeout                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/top                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/touch                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tr                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/traceroute                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/traceroute6                linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tree                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/true                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/truncate                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ts                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tsort                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tty                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ttysize                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tunctl                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/tune2fs                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ubiattach                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ubidetach                  linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ubimkvol                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ubirmvol                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ubirsvol                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/ubiupdatevol               linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/udhcpc                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/udhcpd                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/udpsvd                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/uevent                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/umount                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/uname                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/uncompress                 linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/unexpand                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/uniq                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/unix2dos                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/unlink                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/unlzma                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/unlzop                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/unxz                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/unzip                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/uptime                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/usleep                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/uudecode                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/uuencode                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/vconfig                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/vi                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/volname                    linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/watch                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/watchdog                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/wc                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/which                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/whoami                     linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/whois                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/xargs                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/xxd                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/xz                         linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/xzcat                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/yes                        linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/zcat                       linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/linux-deploy/bin/zcip                       linuxdeploy
