data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/build-deb                                     build-repo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/build-repo                                    build-repo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/edit-deb                                      build-repo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/adduser                                       fake-sudo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sudo                                          fake-sudo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/sudoers                                       fake-sudo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/sudoers.d/README                              fake-sudo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/FiraCode-Bold.ttf                 fonts-firacode
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/FiraCode-Light.ttf                fonts-firacode
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/FiraCode-Medium.ttf               fonts-firacode
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/FiraCode-Regular.ttf              fonts-firacode
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/FiraCode-Retina.ttf               fonts-firacode
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/FiraCode-SemiBold.ttf             fonts-firacode
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/Hack-Bold.ttf                     fonts-hack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/Hack-BoldItalic.ttf               fonts-hack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/Hack-Italic.ttf                   fonts-hack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/Hack-Regular.ttf                  fonts-hack
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationMono-Bold.ttf           fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationMono-BoldItalic.ttf     fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationMono-Italic.ttf         fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationMono-Regular.ttf        fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationSans-Bold.ttf           fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationSans-BoldItalic.ttf     fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationSans-Italic.ttf         fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationSans-Regular.ttf        fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationSansNarrow-Bold.ttf     fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationSansNarrow-BoldItalic.ttf fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationSansNarrow-Italic.ttf   fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationSansNarrow-Regular.ttf  fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationSerif-Bold.ttf          fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationSerif-BoldItalic.ttf    fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationSerif-Italic.ttf        fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/LiberationSerif-Regular.ttf       fonts-liberation
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/MesloLGS-Regular.ttf              fonts-meslo
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/Quicksand-Bold.ttf                fonts-quicksand
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/Quicksand-Light.ttf               fonts-quicksand
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/Quicksand-Medium.ttf              fonts-quicksand
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/fonts/TTF/Quicksand-Regular.ttf             fonts-quicksand
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/color-schemes/KaliDark.colors               kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/color-schemes/KaliLight.colors              kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/color-schemes/KaliPurpleDark.colors         kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/color-schemes/KaliPurpleLight.colors        kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gtksourceview-4/styles/Kali-Dark.xml        kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gtksourceview-4/styles/Kali-Light.xml       kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gtksourceview-5/styles/Kali-Dark.xml        kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gtksourceview-5/styles/Kali-Light.xml       kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/konsole/Kali-Dark.profile                   kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/konsole/Kali-Light.profile                  kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/desktoptheme/kali/icons/start.svgz   kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/desktoptheme/kali/metadata.json      kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/desktoptheme/kali/plasmarc           kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/desktoptheme/kali-purple/metadata.json kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/desktoptheme/kali-purple/plasmarc    kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalidark.desktop/contents/defaults kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalidark.desktop/contents/previews/fullscreenpreview.jpg kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalidark.desktop/contents/previews/preview.png kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalidark.desktop/metadata.json kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalilight.desktop/contents/defaults kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalilight.desktop/contents/previews/fullscreenpreview.jpg kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalilight.desktop/contents/previews/preview.png kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalilight.desktop/metadata.json kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalipurpledark.desktop/contents/defaults kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalipurpledark.desktop/contents/previews/fullscreenpreview.jpg kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalipurpledark.desktop/contents/previews/preview.png kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalipurpledark.desktop/metadata.json kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalipurplelight.desktop/contents/defaults kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalipurplelight.desktop/contents/previews/fullscreenpreview.jpg kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalipurplelight.desktop/contents/previews/preview.png kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/look-and-feel/org.kali.kalipurplelight.desktop/metadata.json kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/shells/org.kde.plasma.desktop/contents/updates/kali-panel-customizations.js kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/colors/Kali-Dark.conf                 kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/colors/Kali-Light.conf                kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/colors/Kali-Purple-Dark.conf          kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/colors/Kali-Purple-Light.conf         kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt5ct/qss/fusion-simple-scrollbar.qss       kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt6ct/colors/Kali-Dark.conf                 kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt6ct/colors/Kali-Light.conf                kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt6ct/colors/Kali-Purple-Dark.conf          kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt6ct/colors/Kali-Purple-Light.conf         kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qt6ct/qss/fusion-simple-scrollbar.qss       kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtermwidget6/color-schemes/Kali-Dark.colorscheme kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/qtermwidget6/color-schemes/Kali-Light.colorscheme kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/sddm/themes/breeze/theme.conf.user          kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/tilix/schemes/Kali.json                     kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xfce4/helpers/default-browser.desktop       kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xfce4/terminal/colorschemes/Kali.theme      kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gtksourceview-3.0/styles/Kali-Dark.xml      kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/gtksourceview-3.0/styles/Kali-Light.xml     kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/konsole/Kali-Dark.colorscheme               kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/konsole/Kali-Light.colorscheme              kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plasma/desktoptheme/kali-purple/icons       kali-colorscheme
data/data/com.termux/files/home/.bash_aliases                                    kali-dark-style
data/data/com.termux/files/home/.termux/colors.properties                        kali-dark-style
data/data/com.termux/files/home/.termux/font.ttf                                 kali-dark-style
data/data/com.termux/files/home/.termux/termux.properties                        kali-dark-style
data/data/com.termux/files/home/bash.bashrc                                      kali-dark-style
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/default-browser.desktop        kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/applications/xfce-text-editor.desktop       kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita+Flat-Remix-Blue/index.theme   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/action-unavailable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/address-book-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/adjustcurves.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/adjusthsl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/adjustlevels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/adjustrgb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-horizontal-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-horizontal-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-horizontal-left-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-horizontal-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-horizontal-right-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-horizontal-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-horizontal-top-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-vertical-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-vertical-top-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/align-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/amarok_cart_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/amarok_cart_remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/amarok_cart_view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/antivignetting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/application-exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/application-rss+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/appointment-missed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/appointment-soon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/arrow-down-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/arrow-up-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/as_disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/as_light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/atmosphere.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/audio-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/audio-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/audio-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/audio-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/auto-type.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/autocorrection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/automated-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bitmap-trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/blurfx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bookmark-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bookmark-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bordertool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/boundingbox_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/boundingbox_bottom_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/boundingbox_bottom_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/boundingbox_center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/boundingbox_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/boundingbox_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/boundingbox_top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/boundingbox_top_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/boundingbox_top_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bwtonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/calendar-go-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/call-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/call-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/channelmixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/chronometer-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/chronometer-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cloud-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cloud-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_extractfiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_flatview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_markinvert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_markminus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_markplus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_runterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/code-block.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/code-class.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/code-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/code-function.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/code-typedef.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/code-variable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/color-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/color-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/color-management.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/color-picker-black.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/color-picker-grey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/color-picker-white.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/color-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/colorfx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/colorneg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/colors-chromablue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/colors-chromagreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/colors-chromared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/compass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/configure-toolbars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/connector-avoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/connector-ignore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/connector-orthogonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/contact-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/contrast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/coordinate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/crosshairs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/curve-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dashboard-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/database-change-key.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/database-index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/debug-run-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/debug-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/debug-step-instruction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/debug-step-into.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/debug-step-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/debug-step-over.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/delete-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/depth16to8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/depth8to16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-geometry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-input-devices.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-messages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-password.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-path-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-text-and-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-tile-clones.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-xml-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-graph-directed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-graph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-unclump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-vertical-equal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-vertical-margin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-vertical-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-vertical-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-edit-decrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-edit-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-edit-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-new-from-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-open-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-page-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-revert-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-save-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-swap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/documentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/double-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-bezier-curves.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-booleans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-brush.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-calligraphic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-circle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-cross.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-cuboid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-donut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-ellipse-arc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-ellipse-chord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-ellipse-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-ellipse-whole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-geometry-angle-bisector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-geometry-circle-from-radius.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-geometry-circle-from-three-points.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-geometry-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-geometry-line-parallel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-geometry-line-perpendicular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-geometry-line-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-geometry-mirror.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-geometry-set-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-geometry-show-measuring-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-geometry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-halfcircle1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-halfcircle2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-halfcircle3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-halfcircle4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-polyline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-spiral.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-trace-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-triangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-use-pressure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-use-tilt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-watercolor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/earthquake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-bomb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-clear-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-clear-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-clear-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-clone-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-find-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-image-face-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-image-face-recognize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-opacity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-paste-in-place.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-paste-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-select-all-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-select-invert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-select-lasso.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-select-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-select-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-select-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-table-cell-merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-table-cell-split.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-table-delete-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-table-delete-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-text-frame-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-undo-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/embosstool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/entry-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/entry-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/escape-direction-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/escape-direction-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/escape-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/escape-direction-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/escape-direction-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/escape-direction-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/escape-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/exchange-positions-zorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/exchange-positions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/favorite-genres-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-anthy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-cangjie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-chewing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-chn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-erbi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-hangul.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-kbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-kkc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-pinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-punc-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-remind-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-rime-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-rime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-sayura.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-shuangpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-skk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-unikey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-wubi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-ziranma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-and-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-divider.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-dot-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-initial-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-moodbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-slash-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-space-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-title-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-underscore-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fill-rule-even-odd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fill-rule-nonzero.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filmgrain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/find-location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fitbest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fitheight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fitsize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fitwidth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/flag-black.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/flag-blue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/flag-green.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/flag-red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/flag-yellow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/flatten_simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/focus-legacy-systray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/focus-top-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/focus-windows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/folder-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/folder-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/folder-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/folder-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/folder-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/font-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/footsteps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fork.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-add-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-align-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-break-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-connect-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-convert-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-currency.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-font-size-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-font-size-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-indent-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-indent-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-insert-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-join-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-line-spacing-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-line-spacing-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-line-spacing-triple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-list-unordered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-node-corner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-node-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-node-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-node-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-node-symmetric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-number-percent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-precision-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-precision-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-remove-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-segment-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-segment-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-blockquote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-bold.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-capitalize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-direction-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-direction-r2l.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-direction-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-italic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-larger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-lowercase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-remove-formatting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-smaller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-strikethrough.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-symbol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-underline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-uppercase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/games-achievements.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/games-config-board.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/games-config-tiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/games-difficult.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/games-hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gcr-gnupg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/giggle-branch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-first.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-jump-declaration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-jump-definition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-jump-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-jump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-last.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-next-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-next-use.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-parent-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-previous-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-previous-use.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/grid-axonometric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/grid-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/group-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/group-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-convert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-select-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/help-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/help-contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/homerun.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hotpixels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hypnotoad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/icon_console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/icon_radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/icon_user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-ban-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-facebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-gadugadu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-google-talk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-google.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-groupwise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-icq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-identi.ca.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-invisible-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-irc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-jabber.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-kick-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-msn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-qq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-skype.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-twitter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-user-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-user-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-user-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-user-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-yahoo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-youtube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/image-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/image-denoise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/image-filter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/image-red-eye.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/image-sharpen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/image-straighten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/indicator-notification-close-deselect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-button.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-emoticon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-endnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-footnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-math-expression.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-more-mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-object.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-page-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-text-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/interactive_simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/irc-channel-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/irc-remove-operator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/journal-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-align-hor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-align-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-align-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-align-vert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-composite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-hide-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-object-height.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-object-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-select-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-select-rects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-select-texts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-select-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-show-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-show-markers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-show-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-slide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-slip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-split-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/key-enter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kittens.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kmouth-phrase-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kr_combine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kr_comparedirs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kr_diskusage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kr_unselect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_cbound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_clines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_cnames.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_deepsky.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_ekos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_fitsviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_hgrid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_horizon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_indi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_mw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_satellites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_solarsystem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kstars_supernovae.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-add-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-magnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-remove-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-speed-limits.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-stop-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-upnp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-TeX-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-axis-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-shift-down-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-shift-left-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-shift-right-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-shift-up-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-xy-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/layer-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/layer-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/layer-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/layer-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/layer-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/layer-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/layer-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/layer-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/layer-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/layer-visible-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/layer-visible-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/lensautofix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/lensdistortion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/license.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/lighttable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/lines-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/list-add-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/list-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/list-remove-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/list-remove-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/list-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/love-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/love.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-attachment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-encrypted-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-invitation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-mark-junk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-mark-notjunk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-mark-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-mark-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-message-new-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-open-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-send-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-signed-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-tagged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-thread-ignored.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-thread-watch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-unread-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/manga.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/map-flat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/map-globe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/map-gnomonic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/map-mercator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mark-location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-album-track.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-playback-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-playback-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-playback-playing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-playback-start-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-playback-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-playback-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-playback-stopped.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-playlist-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-playlist-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-playlist-repeat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-playlist-shuffle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-random-albums-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-repeat-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-seek-backward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-seek-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-skip-backward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-skip-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-track-queue-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-view-subtitles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/meeting-participant-no-response.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/meeting-participant-request-response.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mesh-gradient-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mesh-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/network-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/network-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/network-server-vmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/new-24h-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/news-unsubscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/node-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/node-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/node-delete-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/node-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/node-join-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/node-join.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/node-segment-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/node-segment-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/node-transform.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/node-type-auto-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/node-type-cusp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/node-type-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/node-type-symmetric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-flip-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-flip-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-rotate-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-rotate-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-rows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-straighten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-stroke-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-tweak-attract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-tweak-blur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-tweak-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-tweak-jitter-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-tweak-paint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-tweak-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-tweak-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-tweak-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-tweak-shrink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-ungroup-pop-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-ungroup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-area-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-area-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-area.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-line-forecast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-line-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-line-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-pie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-polar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-ring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-chart-scatter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/office-report.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/osd-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/osd-rotate-ccw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/osd-rotate-cw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/osd-rotate-flip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/osd-rotate-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/osd-sbs-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/osd-sbs-sright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/osd-shutd-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/osd-shutd-screen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/output_win.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/overflow-menu-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/overflow-menu-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/overflow-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/pack-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/pack-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/page-2sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/page-3sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/page-4sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/page-simple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/paint-gradient-conical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/paint-gradient-linear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/paint-gradient-mesh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/paint-gradient-radial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/paint-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/paint-pattern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/paint-solid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/paint-swatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/paint-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/pan-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/pan-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/pan-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/pan-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/pane-hide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/pane-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/paperclip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/password-generator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-break-apart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-clip-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-combine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-difference.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-division.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-effect-parameter-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-exclusion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-inset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-mask-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-mode-bezier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-mode-bspline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-mode-polyline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-mode-spiro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-offset-dynamic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-offset-linked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-outset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-tweak-attract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-tweak-grow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-tweak-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-tweak-repel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-tweak-roughen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-tweak-shrink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/path-union.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/perspective-parallel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/pgp-keys.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/pipe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/pixelart-trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player-volume.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/playlist-automatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/playlist-generator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/playlist-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/playlist-similar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/plugins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/preferences-activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/preferences-system-windows-effect-glide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/preferences-system-windows-effect-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/process-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/project-development-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/project-development-new-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/query-free-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/quickopen-class.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/quickopen-function.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/quickopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/raindrop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rating-unrated.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rating.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rectangle-make-corners-sharp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/redeyes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/remove-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/replay-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/replay-record-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/replay-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/replay-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/reply-all-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/reply-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/resizecol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/resizerow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/resource-calendar-child.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/resource-calendar-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/resource-group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/restoration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/retweet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rime-disable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/roll.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/run-build-clean.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/run-build-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/run-build-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/run-build-install-root.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/run-build-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/run-build-prune.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/run-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/seahorse-sign-bad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/seahorse-sign-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/seahorse-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/selection-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/selection-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/semi-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/send-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/shapes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/sharpenimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/show-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/show-guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/show-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/show-node-handles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/show-path-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/sidebar-collapse-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/sidebar-collapse-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/sidebar-expand-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/sidebar-expand-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-extension.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-guideline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-nodes-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-nodes-cusp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-nodes-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-nodes-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-nodes-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-orthogonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap-text-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/sort-name.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/spray-mode-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/spray-mode-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/spray-mode-union.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/standard-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_bell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_xfburn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stroke-cap-butt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stroke-cap-round.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stroke-cap-square.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stroke-join-bevel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stroke-join-miter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stroke-join-round.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stroke-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/svn-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/svn-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/swap-panels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/symbol-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/symbol-bigger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/symbol-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/symbol-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/symbol-smaller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/system-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/system-software-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/system-upgrade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tab-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tab-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tab-new-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tab-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tag-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tag-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tag-recents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/task-due.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/task-past-due.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/taxes-finances.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-convert-to-regular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-field.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-flow-into-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-frame-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-frame-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-orientation-auto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-orientation-sideways.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-orientation-upright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-put-on-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-remove-from-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-unflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-unkern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-wiki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-wrap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text_horz_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text_letter_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text_line_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text_outer_style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text_remove_kerns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text_rotation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text_vert_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text_word_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/texture.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tool-measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tool-node-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tool-spray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tool-tweak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tool_color_eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tools-check-spelling.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tools-media-optical-burn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tools-media-optical-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tools-media-optical-erase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tools-media-optical-format.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tools-report-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tools-rip-video-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/torrents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-affect-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-affect-pattern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-affect-rounded-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-affect-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-browse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-crop-and-resize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-shear-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-shear-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-shear-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-shear-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/trim-margins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/trim-to-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/twitter-dm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/twitter-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/twitter-mentions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/udiskie-detach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/udiskie-mount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/udiskie-unmount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/user-identity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/user_purple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/username-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-bank-account-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-bank-account-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-bank-account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-bank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-barcode-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-barcode-qr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-barcode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-birthday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-holiday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-month.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-timeline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-week.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-workweek.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-year.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-certificate-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-certificate-export-secret.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-certificate-export-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-certificate-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-certificate-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-certificate-server-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-certificate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-continuous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-coverflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-currency-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-dual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-filter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-asset-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-asset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-cash-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-cash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-checking-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-credit-card-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-credit-card.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-investment-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-investment-security-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-investment-security.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-investment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-liability-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-liability.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-loan-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-loan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-reopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-savings-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-budget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-category-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-category-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-category-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-category-expense.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-category-income.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-transfer-reconcile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-transfer-reconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-financial-transfer-unreconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-form-action.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-form.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-institution-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-institution-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-institution-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-institution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-left-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-list-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-list-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-list-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-list-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-list-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-list-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-media-equalizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-media-genre.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-media-lyrics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-media-playcount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-media-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-more-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-multiple-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-object-histogram-linear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-paged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pages-continuous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pages-facing-first-centered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pages-facing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pages-overview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pages-single.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pim-contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pim-news.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pim-summary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-readermode-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-readermode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-restore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-right-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-sidetree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-sort-ascending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-sort-descending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-sort.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-split-top-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-statistics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-task-child.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-user-offline-kopete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/virtual-desktops.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-snapshot-autoprotect-keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-snapshot-autoprotect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-snapshot-current.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-snapshot-recording.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-snapshot-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-snapshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-snapshots-manage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-tools-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm_clone_wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-component-download-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-component-downloading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-component.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-datacenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-error-emblem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-replay-speed-fast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-replay-speed-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-vcd-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-vcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/whitebalance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/widget-alternatives.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-close-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-keep-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-keep-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-maximize-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-maximize-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-maximize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-minimize-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-pin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-pop-out-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-restore-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-restore-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-restore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-shade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-unpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window-unshade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xc_crosshair.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xfce-wm-maximize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xfce-wm-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xfce-wm-shade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xfce-wm-stick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xfce-wm-unshade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xfce-wm-unstick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/y-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zone-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zone-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-1-to-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-2-to-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-fit-best.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-fit-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-fit-height.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-fit-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-fit-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-fit-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-in-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-out-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-out-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/boundingbox_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/boundingbox_bottom_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/boundingbox_bottom_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/boundingbox_center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/boundingbox_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/boundingbox_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/boundingbox_top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/boundingbox_top_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/boundingbox_top_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/color-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/color-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/connector-avoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/connector-ignore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/dialog-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/dialog-text-and-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/dialog-xml-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/distribute-graph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/distribute-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/document-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/document-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/document-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/document-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/document-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/document-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-booleans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-calligraphic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-cuboid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-ellipse-arc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-ellipse-chord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-ellipse-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-ellipse-whole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-ellipse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-freehand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-geometry-angle-bisector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-geometry-circle-from-radius.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-geometry-circle-from-three-points.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-geometry-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-geometry-line-parallel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-geometry-line-perpendicular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-geometry-line-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-geometry-mirror.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-geometry-show-measuring-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-geometry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-polygon-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-spiral.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/draw-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/edit-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/edit-clone-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/edit-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/edit-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/edit-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/edit-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/edit-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/edit-redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/edit-select-all-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/edit-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/edit-select-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/edit-undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/flatten_simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/format-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/format-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/format-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/format-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/format-text-direction-r2l.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/format-text-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/grid-axonometric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/grid-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/gtk-preferences.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/interactive_simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/mesh-gradient-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/mesh-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/no-marker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/node-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/node-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/node-delete-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/node-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/node-join-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/node-join.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/node-segment-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/node-segment-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/node-transform.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/node-type-auto-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/node-type-cusp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/node-type-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/node-type-symmetric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-flip-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-flip-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-rotate-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-rotate-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-stroke-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-tweak-attract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-tweak-blur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-tweak-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-tweak-jitter-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-tweak-paint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-tweak-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-tweak-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-tweak-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-tweak-shrink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-ungroup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/object-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/pack-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/pack-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/paint-solid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/paint-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-clip-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-difference.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-effect-parameter-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-mask-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-mode-bezier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-mode-bspline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-mode-polyline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-mode-spiro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-tweak-attract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-tweak-grow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-tweak-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-tweak-repel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-tweak-roughen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/path-tweak-shrink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/rectangle-make-corners-sharp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/selection-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/selection-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/selection-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/selection-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/show-node-handles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/show-path-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-bounding-box-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-nodes-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-nodes-cusp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-nodes-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-nodes-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-nodes-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap-text-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/spray-mode-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/spray-mode-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/spray-mode-union.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/stroke-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/symbol-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/symbol-bigger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/symbol-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/symbol-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/symbol-smaller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/text-orientation-auto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/text-orientation-sideways.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/text-orientation-upright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/text_horz_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/text_letter_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/text_line_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/text_outer_style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/text_rotation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/text_subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/text_superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/text_vert_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/text_word_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/tool-measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/tool-node-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/tool-pointer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/tool-spray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/tool-tweak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/zoom-double-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/zoom-fit-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/zoom-fit-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/zoom-fit-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/zoom-fit-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/zoom-half-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/zoom-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/zoom-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/zoom-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-reopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-types-asset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-types-cash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-types-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-types-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-types-credit-card.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-types-expense.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-types-income.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-types-investments.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-types-liability.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-types-loan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-types-reconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-types-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-update-online-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account-update-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/action-unavailable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/address-book-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/adjustcurves.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/adjusthsl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/adjustlevels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/adjustrgb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-left-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-right-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-top-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-top-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/amarok_cart_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/amarok_cart_remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/amarok_cart_view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/antivignetting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/application-exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/application-rss+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/appointment-missed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/appointment-soon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/arrow-down-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/arrow-up-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/atmosphere.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/audio-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/audio-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/audio-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/audio-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/auto-type.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/autocorrection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/automated-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/backup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bitmap-trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/blurfx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bookmark-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bookmark-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bordertool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/budget-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/budget-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/budget-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/budget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bwtonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/calendar-go-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/call-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/call-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/categories.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/category-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/category-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/channelmixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/chronometer-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/chronometer-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cloud-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cloud-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_extractfiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_flatview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_markinvert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_markminus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_markplus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_runterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/code-block.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/code-class.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/code-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/code-function.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/code-typedef.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/code-variable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/color-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/color-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/color-management.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/color-picker-black.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/color-picker-grey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/color-picker-white.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/color-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/colorfx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/colorneg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/colors-chromablue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/colors-chromagreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/colors-chromared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/compass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/configure-toolbars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/contact-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/contrast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/coordinate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/crosshairs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/curve-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dashboard-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/database-change-key.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/database-index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/debug-run-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/debug-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/debug-step-instruction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/debug-step-into.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/debug-step-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/debug-step-over.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/delete-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/depth16to8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/depth8to16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-input-devices.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-messages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-password.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-path-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-text-and-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-tile-clones.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-xml-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-graph-directed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-graph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-unclump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-equal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-margin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-edit-decrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-edit-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-edit-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-new-from-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-open-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-page-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-revert-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-save-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-swap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/documentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/double-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-bezier-curves.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-booleans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-brush.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-calligraphic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-circle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-cross.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-cuboid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-donut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-geometry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-halfcircle1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-halfcircle2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-halfcircle3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-halfcircle4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-polyline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-spiral.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-triangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-watercolor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/earthquake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-bomb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-clear-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-clear-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-clear-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-clone-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-find-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-image-face-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-image-face-recognize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-opacity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-paste-in-place.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-paste-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-select-all-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-select-invert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-select-lasso.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-select-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-select-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-select-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-table-cell-merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-table-cell-split.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-table-delete-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-table-delete-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-text-frame-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-undo-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/embosstool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/entry-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/entry-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/exchange-positions-zorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/exchange-positions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/favorite-genres-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-anthy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-cangjie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-chewing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-chn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-erbi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-hangul.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-kbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-kkc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-pinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-punc-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-remind-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-rime-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-rime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-sayura.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-shuangpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-skk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-unikey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-wubi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-ziranma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-and-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-divider.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-dot-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-initial-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-moodbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-slash-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-space-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-title-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-underscore-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fill-rule-even-odd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fill-rule-nonzero.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filmgrain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/find-location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fitbest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fitheight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fitsize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fitwidth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/flag-black.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/flag-blue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/flag-green.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/flag-red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/flag-yellow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/focus-legacy-systray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/focus-top-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/focus-windows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/folder-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/folder-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/folder-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/folder-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/folder-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/font-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/footsteps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/forecast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fork.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-add-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-align-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-break-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-connect-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-convert-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-currency.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-font-size-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-font-size-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-indent-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-indent-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-insert-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-join-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-line-spacing-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-line-spacing-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-line-spacing-triple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-list-unordered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-node-corner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-node-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-node-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-node-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-node-symmetric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-number-percent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-precision-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-precision-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-remove-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-segment-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-segment-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-blockquote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-bold.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-capitalize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-direction-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-direction-r2l.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-direction-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-italic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-larger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-lowercase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-remove-formatting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-smaller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-strikethrough.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-symbol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-underline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-uppercase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/games-achievements.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/games-config-board.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/games-config-tiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/games-difficult.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/games-hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/giggle-branch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-first.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-jump-declaration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-jump-definition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-jump-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-jump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-last.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-next-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-next-use.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-parent-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-previous-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-previous-use.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/grid-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/group-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/group-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-convert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-select-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/help-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/help-contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hide-categories.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hide-reconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/homerun.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hotpixels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/icon_console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/icon_radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-ban-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-facebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-gadugadu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-google-talk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-google.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-groupwise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-icq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-identi.ca.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-invisible-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-irc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-jabber.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-kick-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-msn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-qq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-skype.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-twitter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-user-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-user-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-user-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-user-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-yahoo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-youtube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/image-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/image-denoise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/image-filter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/image-red-eye.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/image-sharpen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/image-straighten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-button.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-emoticon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-endnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-footnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-math-expression.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-more-mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-object.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-page-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-text-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/institution-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/institution-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/institution-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/institution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/investment-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/investment-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/investment-update-online-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/investment-update-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/investment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/irc-channel-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/irc-remove-operator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/journal-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-hor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-vert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-composite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-hide-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-object-height.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-object-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-select-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-select-rects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-select-texts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-select-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-show-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-show-markers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-show-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-slide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-slip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-split-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/key-enter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kmouth-phrase-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kr_combine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kr_comparedirs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kr_diskusage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kr_unselect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_cbound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_clines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_cnames.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_deepsky.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_ekos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_fitsviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_hgrid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_horizon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_indi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_mw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_satellites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_solarsystem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kstars_supernovae.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-add-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-magnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-remove-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-speed-limits.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-stop-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-upnp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-TeX-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-axis-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-shift-down-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-shift-left-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-shift-right-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-shift-up-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/layer-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/layer-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/layer-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/layer-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/layer-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/layer-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/layer-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/layer-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/layer-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/layer-visible-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/layer-visible-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/ledger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/lensautofix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/lensdistortion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/license.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/lighttable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/lines-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/list-add-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/list-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/list-remove-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/list-remove-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/list-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/love-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-attachment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-encrypted-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-invitation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-junk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-notjunk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-message-new-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-open-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-send-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-signed-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-tagged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-thread-ignored.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-thread-watch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-unread-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/manga.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/map-flat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/map-globe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/map-gnomonic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/map-mercator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mark-location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-album-track.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-playback-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-playback-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-playback-playing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-playback-start-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-playback-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-playback-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-playback-stopped.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-playlist-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-playlist-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-playlist-repeat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-playlist-shuffle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-random-albums-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-repeat-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-seek-backward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-seek-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-skip-backward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-skip-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-track-queue-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-view-subtitles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/meeting-participant-no-response.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/meeting-participant-request-response.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mesh-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/network-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/network-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/network-server-vmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/new-24h-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/news-unsubscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-flip-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-flip-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-rotate-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-rotate-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-rows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-straighten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-ungroup-pop-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-ungroup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-area-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-area-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-area.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-line-forecast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-line-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-line-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-pie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-polar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-ring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-scatter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-chart-tall-pie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/office-report.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/online-banking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/osd-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/osd-rotate-ccw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/osd-rotate-cw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/osd-rotate-flip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/osd-rotate-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/osd-sbs-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/osd-sbs-sright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/osd-shutd-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/osd-shutd-screen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/output_win.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/overflow-menu-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/overflow-menu-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/overflow-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/page-2sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/page-3sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/page-4sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/page-simple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/paint-gradient-conical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/paint-gradient-linear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/paint-gradient-mesh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/paint-gradient-radial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/paint-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/paint-pattern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/paint-solid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/paint-swatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/paint-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/pan-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/pan-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/pan-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/pan-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/pane-hide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/pane-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/paperclip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/password-generator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-break-apart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-clip-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-combine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-difference.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-division.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-effect-parameter-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-exclusion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-inset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-mask-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-offset-dynamic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-offset-linked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-outset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/path-union.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/payee-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/pgp-keys.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/pipe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/pixelart-trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player-volume.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/playlist-automatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/playlist-generator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/playlist-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/playlist-similar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/plugins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/preferences-activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/preferences-system-windows-effect-glide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/preferences-system-windows-effect-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/preview-add-zone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/preview-remove-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/preview-remove-zone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/preview-render-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/preview-render-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/process-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/project-development-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/project-development-new-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/query-free-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/quickopen-class.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/quickopen-function.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/quickopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/raindrop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rating-unrated.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rating.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/reconcile-finish.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/reconcile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/redeyes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/remove-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/replay-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/replay-record-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/replay-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/replay-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/reply-all-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/reply-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/resizecol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/resizerow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/resource-calendar-child.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/resource-calendar-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/resource-group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/restoration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/retweet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rime-disable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/roll.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/run-build-clean.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/run-build-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/run-build-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/run-build-install-root.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/run-build-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/run-build-prune.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/run-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/seahorse-sign-bad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/seahorse-sign-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/seahorse-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/selection-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/selection-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/semi-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/send-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/shapes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/sharpenimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/show-guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/show-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/show-node-handles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/show-path-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/sidebar-collapse-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/sidebar-collapse-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/sidebar-expand-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/sidebar-expand-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/snap-extension.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/snap-guideline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/snap-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/snap-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/snap-orthogonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/snap-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/sort-name.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/standard-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_bell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_xfburn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stroke-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/svn-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/svn-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/swap-panels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/system-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/system-upgrade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tab-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tab-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tab-new-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tab-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tag-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tag-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tag-recents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/task-due.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/task-past-due.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/taxes-finances.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-convert-to-regular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-field.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-flow-into-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-frame-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-frame-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-orientation-auto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-orientation-sideways.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-orientation-upright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-put-on-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-remove-from-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-unflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-unkern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-wiki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-wrap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text_horz_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text_letter_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text_line_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text_remove_kerns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text_rotation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text_vert_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text_word_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/texture.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/timeline-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/timeline-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/timeline-lift.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/timeline-overwrite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/timeline-use-zone-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/timeline-use-zone-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tool-measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tool-node-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tool-spray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tool-tweak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tool_color_eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tools-check-spelling.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tools-media-optical-burn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tools-media-optical-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tools-media-optical-erase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tools-media-optical-format.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tools-report-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tools-rip-video-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/torrents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transaction-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transaction-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transaction-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transaction-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transaction-report.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transform-browse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transform-crop-and-resize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transform-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transform-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transform-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transform-shear-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transform-shear-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transform-shear-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transform-shear-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/twitter-dm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/twitter-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/twitter-mentions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/udiskie-detach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/udiskie-mount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/udiskie-unmount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/user-identity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/username-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-bank-account-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-bank-account-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-bank-account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-bank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-barcode-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-barcode-qr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-barcode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-birthday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-holiday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-month.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-timeline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-week.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-workweek.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-year.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-export-secret.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-export-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-server-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-certificate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-continuous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-coverflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-currency-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-dual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-filter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-asset-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-asset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-cash-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-cash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-checking-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-credit-card-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-credit-card.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment-security-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment-security.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-liability-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-liability.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-loan-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-loan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-reopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-savings-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-budget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-category-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-category-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-category-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-category-expense.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-category-income.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-transfer-reconcile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-transfer-reconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-financial-transfer-unreconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-form-action.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-form.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-institution-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-institution-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-institution-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-institution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-left-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-list-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-list-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-list-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-list-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-list-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-list-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-media-equalizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-media-genre.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-media-lyrics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-media-playcount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-media-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-more-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-multiple-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-object-histogram-linear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-paged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pages-continuous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pages-facing-first-centered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pages-facing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pages-overview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pages-single.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pim-contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pim-news.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pim-summary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-readermode-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-readermode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-restore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-right-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-sidetree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-sort-ascending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-sort-descending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-sort.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-split-top-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-statistics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-task-child.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-user-offline-kopete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/virtual-desktops.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-snapshot-autoprotect-keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-snapshot-autoprotect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-snapshot-current.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-snapshot-recording.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-snapshot-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-snapshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-snapshots-manage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-tools-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm_clone_wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-component-download-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-component-downloading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-component.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-datacenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-error-emblem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-replay-speed-fast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-replay-speed-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-vcd-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-vcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/whitebalance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/widget-alternatives.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-keep-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-keep-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-maximize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-pin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-restore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-shade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-unpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window-unshade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/xc_crosshair.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/y-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zone-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zone-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-1-to-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-2-to-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-fit-best.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-fit-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-fit-height.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-fit-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-fit-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-fit-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-in-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-out-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-out-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/action-unavailable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/address-book-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/adjustcurves.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/adjusthsl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/adjustlevels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/adjustrgb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-horizontal-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-horizontal-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-horizontal-left-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-horizontal-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-horizontal-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-horizontal-right-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-horizontal-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-horizontal-top-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-on-canvas.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-sel-as-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-vertical-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-vertical-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-vertical-top-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/align-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/amarok_cart_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/amarok_cart_remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/amarok_cart_view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/antivignetting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/application-exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/application-rss+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/appointment-missed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/appointment-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/appointment-soon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/appointment-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/arrow-down-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/arrow-up-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/atmosphere.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/audio-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/audio-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/audio-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/audio-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/auto-type.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/autocorrection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/automated-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bitmap-trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/blurfx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bookmark-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bookmark-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bordertool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bwtonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/calendar-go-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/call-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/call-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/channelmixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/chronometer-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/chronometer-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cloud-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cloud-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_extractfiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_flatview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_markinvert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_markminus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_markplus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_runterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/code-block.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/code-class.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/code-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/code-function.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/code-typedef.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/code-variable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/color-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/color-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/color-management.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/color-picker-black.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/color-picker-grey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/color-picker-white.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/color-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/colorfx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/colorneg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/colors-chromablue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/colors-chromagreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/colors-chromared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/compass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/configure-toolbars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/connector-avoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/connector-ignore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/connector-orthogonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/contact-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/contrast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/coordinate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/crosshairs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/curve-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dashboard-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/database-change-key.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/database-index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/debug-run-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/debug-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/debug-step-instruction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/debug-step-into.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/debug-step-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/debug-step-over.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/delete-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/depth16to8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/depth8to16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-geometry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-input-devices.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-messages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-password.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-path-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-text-and-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-tile-clones.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-xml-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-graph-directed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-graph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-unclump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-vertical-equal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-vertical-margin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-vertical-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-vertical-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-vertical-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-edit-decrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-edit-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-edit-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-export-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-export-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-import-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-import-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-new-from-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-open-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-page-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-revert-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-save-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-swap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/documentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/double-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-bezier-curves.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-booleans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-brush.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-calligraphic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-circle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-cross.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-cuboid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-donut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-ellipse-arc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-ellipse-chord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-ellipse-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-ellipse-whole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-geometry-angle-bisector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-geometry-circle-from-radius.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-geometry-circle-from-three-points.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-geometry-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-geometry-line-parallel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-geometry-line-perpendicular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-geometry-line-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-geometry-mirror.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-geometry-set-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-geometry-show-measuring-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-geometry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-halfcircle1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-halfcircle2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-halfcircle3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-halfcircle4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-polyline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-spiral.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-trace-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-triangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-use-pressure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-use-tilt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-watercolor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/earthquake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-bomb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-clear-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-clear-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-clear-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-clear-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-clone-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-find-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-find-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-image-face-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-image-face-recognize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-opacity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-paste-in-place.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-paste-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-select-all-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-select-invert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-select-lasso.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-select-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-select-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-select-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-table-cell-merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-table-cell-split.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-table-delete-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-table-delete-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-text-frame-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-undo-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/embosstool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/entry-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/entry-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/escape-direction-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/escape-direction-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/escape-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/escape-direction-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/escape-direction-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/escape-direction-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/escape-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/exchange-positions-zorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/exchange-positions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/favorite-genres-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-anthy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-cangjie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-chewing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-chn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-erbi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-hangul.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-kbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-kkc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-pinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-punc-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-remind-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-rime-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-rime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-sayura.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-shuangpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-skk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-unikey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-wubi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-ziranma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-and-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-divider.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-dot-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-initial-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-moodbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-slash-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-space-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-title-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-underscore-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filmgrain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/find-location-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/find-location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fitbest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fitheight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fitsize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fitwidth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/flag-black.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/flag-blue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/flag-green.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/flag-red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/flag-yellow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/flatten_simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/focus-legacy-systray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/focus-top-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/focus-windows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/folder-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/folder-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/folder-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/folder-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/folder-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/font-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/footsteps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fork.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-add-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-align-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-break-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-connect-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-convert-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-currency.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-font-size-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-font-size-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-indent-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-indent-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-insert-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-join-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-line-spacing-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-line-spacing-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-line-spacing-triple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-list-unordered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-node-corner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-node-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-node-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-node-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-node-symmetric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-number-percent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-precision-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-precision-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-remove-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-segment-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-segment-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-blockquote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-bold.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-capitalize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-direction-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-direction-r2l.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-direction-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-italic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-larger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-lowercase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-remove-formatting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-smaller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-strikethrough.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-symbol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-underline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-uppercase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/games-achievements.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/games-config-board.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/games-config-tiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/games-difficult.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/games-hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/giggle-branch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-bottom-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-down-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-first-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-first.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-home-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-jump-declaration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-jump-definition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-jump-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-jump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-last-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-last.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-next-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-next-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-next-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-next-use.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-parent-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-previous-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-previous-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-previous-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-previous-use.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-top-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-up-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/grid-axonometric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/grid-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/group-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/group-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-convert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-select-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/help-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/help-contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/homerun.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hotpixels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/icon_console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/icon_radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-ban-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-facebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-gadugadu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-google-talk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-google.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-groupwise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-icq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-identi.ca.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-invisible-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-irc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-jabber.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-kick-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-msn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-qq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-skype.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-twitter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-user-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-user-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-user-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-user-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-yahoo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-youtube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/image-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/image-denoise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/image-filter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/image-red-eye.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/image-sharpen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/image-straighten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-button.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-emoticon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-endnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-footnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-math-expression.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-more-mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-object.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-page-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-text-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/interactive_simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/irc-channel-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/irc-remove-operator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/journal-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-align-hor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-align-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-align-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-align-vert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-composite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-hide-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-object-height.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-object-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-select-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-select-rects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-select-texts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-select-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-show-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-show-markers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-show-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-slide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-slip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-split-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/key-enter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kmouth-phrase-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kr_combine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kr_comparedirs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kr_diskusage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kr_unselect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_cbound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_clines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_cnames.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_deepsky.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_ekos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_fitsviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_hgrid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_horizon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_indi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_mw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_satellites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_solarsystem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kstars_supernovae.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-add-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-magnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-remove-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-speed-limits.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-stop-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-upnp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-TeX-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-axis-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-shift-down-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-shift-left-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-shift-right-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-shift-up-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-xy-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/layer-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/layer-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/layer-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/layer-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/layer-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/layer-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/layer-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/layer-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/layer-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/layer-visible-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/layer-visible-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/lensautofix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/lensdistortion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/license.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/lighttable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/lines-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/list-add-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/list-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/list-remove-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/list-remove-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/list-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/love-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-attachment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-encrypted-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-invitation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-mark-junk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-mark-notjunk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-mark-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-mark-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-message-new-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-open-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-send-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-signed-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-tagged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-thread-ignored.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-thread-watch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-unread-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/manga.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/map-flat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/map-globe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/map-gnomonic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/map-mercator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mark-location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-album-track.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playback-pause-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playback-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playback-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playback-playing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playback-start-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playback-start-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playback-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playback-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playback-stopped.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playlist-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playlist-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playlist-repeat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playlist-shuffle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-random-albums-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-repeat-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-seek-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-seek-backward-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-seek-backward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-seek-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-seek-forward-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-seek-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-skip-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-skip-backward-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-skip-backward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-skip-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-skip-forward-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-skip-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-track-queue-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-view-subtitles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/meeting-participant-no-response.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/meeting-participant-request-response.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mesh-gradient-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mesh-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/network-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/network-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/network-server-vmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/new-24h-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/news-unsubscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/node-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/node-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/node-delete-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/node-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/node-join-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/node-join.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/node-segment-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/node-segment-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/node-transform.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/node-type-auto-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/node-type-cusp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/node-type-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/node-type-symmetric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-flip-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-flip-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-rotate-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-rotate-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-rows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-straighten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-tweak-attract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-tweak-blur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-tweak-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-tweak-jitter-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-tweak-paint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-tweak-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-tweak-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-tweak-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-tweak-shrink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-ungroup-pop-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-ungroup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-area-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-area-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-area.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-line-forecast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-line-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-line-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-pie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-polar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-ring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-chart-scatter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/office-report.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/open-menu-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/osd-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/osd-rotate-ccw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/osd-rotate-cw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/osd-rotate-flip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/osd-rotate-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/osd-sbs-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/osd-sbs-sright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/osd-shutd-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/osd-shutd-screen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/output_win.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/overflow-menu-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/overflow-menu-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/overflow-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/page-2sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/page-3sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/page-4sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/page-simple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/paint-order-fms.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/paint-order-fsm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/paint-order-mfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/paint-order-msf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/paint-order-sfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/paint-order-smf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/paint-solid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/paint-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pan-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pan-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pan-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pan-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pane-hide-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pane-hide-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pane-hide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pane-show-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pane-show-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pane-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/paperclip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/password-generator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-break-apart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-clip-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-combine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-difference.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-division.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-effect-parameter-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-exclusion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-inset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-mask-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-mode-bezier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-mode-bspline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-mode-polyline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-mode-spiro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-offset-dynamic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-offset-linked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-outset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-tweak-attract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-tweak-grow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-tweak-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-tweak-repel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-tweak-roughen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-tweak-shrink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/path-union.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/perspective-parallel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pgp-keys.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pipe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pixelart-trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player-volume.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/playlist-automatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/playlist-generator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/playlist-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/playlist-similar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/plugins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/preferences-activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/preferences-system-windows-effect-glide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/preferences-system-windows-effect-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/process-stop-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/process-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/project-development-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/project-development-new-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/query-free-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/quickopen-class.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/quickopen-function.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/quickopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/raindrop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rating-unrated.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rating.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rectangle-make-corners-sharp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/redeyes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/remove-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/replay-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/replay-record-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/replay-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/replay-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/reply-all-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/reply-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/resizecol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/resizerow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/resource-calendar-child.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/resource-calendar-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/resource-group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/restoration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/retweet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rime-disable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/roll.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/run-build-clean.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/run-build-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/run-build-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/run-build-install-root.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/run-build-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/run-build-prune.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/run-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/seahorse-sign-bad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/seahorse-sign-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/seahorse-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/selection-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/selection-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/semi-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/send-to-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/send-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/shapes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/sharpenimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/show-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/show-guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/show-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/show-node-handles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/show-path-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/sidebar-collapse-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/sidebar-collapse-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/sidebar-expand-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/sidebar-expand-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-extension.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-guideline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-nodes-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-nodes-cusp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-nodes-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-nodes-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-nodes-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-orthogonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap-text-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/sort-name.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/spray-mode-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/spray-mode-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/spray-mode-union.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/standard-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_bell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_xfburn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stroke-cap-butt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stroke-cap-round.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stroke-cap-square.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stroke-join-bevel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stroke-join-miter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stroke-join-round.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stroke-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/svn-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/svn-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/swap-panels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/symbol-bigger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/system-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/system-upgrade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tab-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tab-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tab-new-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tab-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tag-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tag-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tag-recents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/task-due.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/task-past-due.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/taxes-finances.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-convert-to-regular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-field.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-flow-into-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-frame-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-frame-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-orientation-auto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-orientation-sideways.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-orientation-upright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-put-on-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-remove-from-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-unflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-unkern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-wiki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-wrap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text_horz_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text_letter_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text_line_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text_outer_style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text_remove_kerns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text_rotation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text_vert_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text_word_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/texture.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tool-measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tool-node-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tool-spray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tool-tweak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tool_color_eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tools-check-spelling.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tools-media-optical-burn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tools-media-optical-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tools-media-optical-erase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tools-media-optical-format.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tools-report-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tools-rip-video-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/torrents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-browse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-crop-and-resize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-move-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-move-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-scale-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-scale-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-shear-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-shear-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-shear-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-shear-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-skew-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-skew-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/twitter-dm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/twitter-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/twitter-mentions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/udiskie-detach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/udiskie-mount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/udiskie-unmount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/user-identity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/username-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-bank-account-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-bank-account-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-bank-account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-bank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-barcode-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-barcode-qr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-barcode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-birthday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-holiday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-month.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-timeline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-week.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-workweek.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-year.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-certificate-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-certificate-export-secret.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-certificate-export-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-certificate-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-certificate-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-certificate-server-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-certificate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-continuous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-coverflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-currency-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-dual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-filter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-asset-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-asset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-cash-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-cash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-checking-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-credit-card-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-credit-card.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-investment-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-investment-security-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-investment-security.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-investment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-liability-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-liability.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-loan-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-loan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-reopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-savings-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-budget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-category-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-category-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-category-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-category-expense.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-category-income.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-transfer-reconcile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-transfer-reconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-financial-transfer-unreconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-form-action.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-form.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-institution-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-institution-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-institution-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-institution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-left-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-list-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-list-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-list-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-list-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-list-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-list-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-media-equalizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-media-genre.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-media-lyrics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-media-playcount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-media-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-more-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-multiple-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-object-histogram-linear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-paged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pages-continuous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pages-facing-first-centered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pages-facing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pages-overview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pages-single.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pim-contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pim-news.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pim-summary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-readermode-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-readermode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-refresh-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-restore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-right-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-sidetree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-sort-ascending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-sort-descending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-sort.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-split-top-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-statistics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-task-child.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-user-offline-kopete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/virtual-desktops.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-snapshot-autoprotect-keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-snapshot-autoprotect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-snapshot-current.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-snapshot-recording.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-snapshot-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-snapshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-snapshots-manage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-tools-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm_clone_wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-component-download-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-component-downloading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-component.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-datacenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-error-emblem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-replay-speed-fast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-replay-speed-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-vcd-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-vcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/whitebalance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/widget-alternatives.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-close-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-keep-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-keep-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-maximize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-pin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-restore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-shade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-unpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window-unshade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/xc_crosshair.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/xfpm-brightness-lcd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/y-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zone-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zone-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-1-to-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-2-to-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-fit-best.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-fit-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-fit-height.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-fit-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-fit-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-fit-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-in-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-out-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-out-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/action-unavailable-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/add-files-to-archive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/address-book-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/application-exit-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/application-menu-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/appointment-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/bookmark-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/browser-download-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/calendar-go-today-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/call-start-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/call-stop-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/camera-switch-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/category-search-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/chat-message-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/color-select-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/contact-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/cs-backgrounds-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/cs-desklets-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/dino-double-tick-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/dino-tick-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-export-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-import-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-open-recent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-open-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-page-setup-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-print-preview-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-print-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-properties-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-revert-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-revert-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-save-as-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-save-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-send-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-all-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-copy-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-cut-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-delete-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-find-replace-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-find-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-paste-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-select-all-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-select-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-tag-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ephy-bookmarks-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ephy-reader-mode-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/error-correct-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/extract-archive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/fcitx-fullwidth-active-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/fcitx-punc-active-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/fcitx-punc-inactive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/fcitx-vk-active-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/fcitx-vk-inactive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/find-location-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/focus-legacy-systray-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/focus-top-bar-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/focus-windows-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/folder-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/font-select-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-justify-center-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-justify-fill-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-justify-left-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-justify-right-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-bold-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-ltr-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-italic-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-larger-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-remove-formatting-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-smaller-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-underline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-bottom-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-down-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-first-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-home-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-jump-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-jump-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-last-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-next-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-previous-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-top-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-up-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/help-info-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/image-crop-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/image-denoise-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/image-filter-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/image-red-eye-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/image-resize-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/image-sharpen-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/image-straighten-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/insert-emoticon-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/insert-image-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/insert-link-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/insert-object-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/insert-text-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/keyboard-caps-lock-filled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/keyboard-enter-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/keyboard-hide-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/keyboard-layout-filled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/keyboard-shift-filled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/link-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/list-add-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/list-drag-handle-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/list-remove-all-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/list-remove-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-flag-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-forward-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-mark-important-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-mark-junk-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-mark-notjunk-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-mark-read-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-mark-unread-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-message-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-reply-all-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-reply-all-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-reply-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-send-receive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-send-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mark-location-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-eject-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-mount-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-playback-pause-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-playback-stop-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-record-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mount-archive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/music-artist-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/music-playlist-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/object-merge-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/object-move-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/object-rotate-left-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/object-rotate-right-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/object-select-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/object-straighten-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/open-menu-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/pan-down-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/pan-end-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/pan-start-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/pan-up-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/pane-hide-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/pane-show-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/process-stop-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/qrscanner-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/selection-end-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/selection-mode-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/selection-start-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/send-to-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/sidebar-places-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/sidebar-show-right-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/sidebar-show-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/star-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/system-hibernate-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/system-log-out-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/system-restart-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/system-run-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/system-suspend-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/system-switch-user-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tab-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-arc-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-brush-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-circle-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-eraser-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-filters-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-freeshape-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-highlight-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-line-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-magic-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-oval-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-paint-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-pencil-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-polygon-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-rectangle-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-roundedrect-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-skew-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-text-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/twitter-dm-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/twitter-home-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/twitter-mentions-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/twitter-profile-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/value-decrease-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/value-increase-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-app-grid-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-bottom-pane-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-column-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-compact-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-continuous-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-coverflow-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-dual-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-filter-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-filter-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-fullscreen-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-grid-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-left-pane-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-list-bullet-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-list-compact-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-list-images-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-list-ordered-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-list-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-list-video-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-mirror-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-more-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-paged-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-pin-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-refresh-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-restore-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-right-pane-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-sort-descending-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-top-pane-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/window-close-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/window-maximize-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/window-minimize-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/window-pop-out-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/window-restore-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xapp-go-history-next-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xapp-go-history-previous-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xapp-prefs-display-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xapp-prefs-plugins-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xapp-prefs-preview-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xapp-prefs-toolbar-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xapp-search-entire-word-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xapp-search-wrap-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xapp-text-case-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xapp-use-regex-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-consume-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-delete-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-delete-track-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-filter-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-level-up-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-now-playing-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-random-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-repeat-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-replace-queue-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-update-db-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/zoom-in-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/zoom-original-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/zoom-out-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage01-connecting01.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage01-connecting02.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage01-connecting03.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage01-connecting04.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage01-connecting05.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage01-connecting06.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage01-connecting07.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage01-connecting08.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage01-connecting09.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage01-connecting10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage01-connecting11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting01.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting02.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting03.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting04.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting05.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting06.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting07.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting08.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting09.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-vpn-connecting14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/0ad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/0trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/1cestart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/4diac-ide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/4kslideshowmaker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/4kvideodownloader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/7kaa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/8tracks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/9gag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/AdobePhotoshop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Alva.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/AppImageLauncher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/CMakeSetup32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Encryptr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/GP6-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/KoboDeluxe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/NoMachine-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/PomoDoneApp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/QMPlay2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/QOwnNotes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/TeighaViewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/VVVVVV.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Xfwm4CompositeEditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/abiword.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/abricotine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/abrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ac-adapter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accerciser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-calculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-character-map.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-dictionary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-text-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/acetoneiso.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/acroread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/activitywatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/address-book.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/adventure-capitalist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aegisub.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/affcat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/afl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/agave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aircrack-ng.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/airgeddon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/airplane-mode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/airwave-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/akira.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/akonaditray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/akregator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/alacritty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/albert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/albion-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/alexandra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/alienarena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/allvideodownloader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amazon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/anatine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/anbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/android-file-transfer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/android-sdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/android-studio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/angrysearch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/anjuta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/anki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/apache-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/apktool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/application-community.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/application-default-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-featured.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-graphics-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-haskell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-interfacedesign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aptana.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ardour.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/arduino.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ark-game.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/armagetronad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/armitage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/arping.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/artemanufrij.hashit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/artemanufrij.webpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/artikulate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/asc-de.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/asleap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/astromenace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/atom-beta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/atom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audacious.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audacity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audio-card.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audio-headphones.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audio-headset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audio-input-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audio-input-microphone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audio-speakers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audiobook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/authy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/autopsy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/azpainter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/babe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/backdoor-factory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/badland.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/baka-mplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bandcamp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/banshee.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/baobab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bareftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery-caution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery-empty-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery-full-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery-good-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery-low-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bbc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bbqsql.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/beatbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/beef-xss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bettercap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bibletime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bijiben.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/billard-gl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/binwalk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bitcoin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bitmap2component.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bittorrent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bitwig-studio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blender.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blinken.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blkcalc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blkcat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blkls.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blkstat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blobby.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blockdevice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blockout.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bloodhound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bluefish.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bluegriffon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bluetooth-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bluetooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/boinc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bomber.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bomi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bookworm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/boomaga.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/boostnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bovo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brackets-electron.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brackets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/braindump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brasero.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-browser-dev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-browser-nightly.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/btsync-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bugs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/builder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bulk-extractor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bully.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/burp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bytecode-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cadaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/caffeine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calibre-ebook-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calibre-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calibre.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligrakarbon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/camera-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/camera-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/camera-photo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/camera-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/camera-web.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ccsm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cdbaby.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cerebro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cewl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/checkbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cherrytree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chirp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chkrootkit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chntpw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chocolate-doom-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chocolate-doom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-app-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-bgjohebimpjdhhocbknplfelpmdhifhd-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-fljalecfjciodhpcledpamjachpmelml-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-jjphmlaoffndcnecccgemfdaaoighkel-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-knipolnnllmklapflnccelgolnpehhpl-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-okdgofnjkaimfebepijgaoimfphblkpd-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-remote-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-store.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chromium-app-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chromium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cisco-anyconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/citra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/citrix-receiver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/civilization5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/clamav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/clang.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/clementine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/clipgrab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cmyktool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/code-insiders.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/codeblocks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/colorhug-backlight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/colorhug-ccmx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/colorhug-flash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/colorhug-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/colorhug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/colorpicker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.amikha1lov.RecApp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.cassidyjames.ephemeral.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.danrabbit.nimbus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.davidmhewitt.torrential.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.donadigo.appeditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.donadigo.eddy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.johnfactotum.Foliate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.lainsce.quilter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.mubitosh.qrshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.nick92.tranqil.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.parnold-x.timer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.philip-scott.notes-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.robertsanseries.karim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.stsdc.monitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.tchx84.Flatseal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.themix_project.Oomox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.leinardi.gwe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/commix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/company-of-heroes-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/compiz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/compton.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/computerjanitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/conky-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/converseen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/copyq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/corectrl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cowpatty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/coypu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cpu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/crackmapexec.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/crashplan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/crossover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/crossstudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/crow-translate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/crunch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cryptomator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cryptsetup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-applets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-notifications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-overview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csgo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/css.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cups.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/curlew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cutecom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cutegram.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cutemarked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cutter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cuttlefish.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cutycapt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cvpcb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/d-feet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/darktable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dash-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dassault-systemes.draftsight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/datovka.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/davtest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/day-of-the-tentacle-remastered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dbeaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dbpwaudit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dconf-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dde-introduction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/de.haeckerfelix.Fragments.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/de.wolfvollprecht.UberWriter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deadbeef.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/debugger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-cloud-print-configurator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-cloud-scan-config-helper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-feedback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-launcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-manual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-toggle-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deezer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deja-dup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deluge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/desktop-environment-gnome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/desktop-environment-kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/desktop-environment-unity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/desktop-profiler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/desmume.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/desura.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/devassistant.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dex2jar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/diablo-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dialog-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dialog-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dialog-question.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dialog-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/diffuse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/digitallyimported.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dino.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/diodon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dirb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dirbuster.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dirsearch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dirt-rally.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/discord-canary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/discord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/disk-usage-analyzer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/disk-utility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-archlinux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-centos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-chakra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-debian.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-elementary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-fedora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-freebsd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-gentoo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-kali.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-kaos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-korora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-kubuntu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-linuxmint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-lubuntu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-mageia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-manjaro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-neon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-opensuse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-pop-os.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-rhel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-termux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-ubuntu-mate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-ubuntu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/djaler.formatter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dmitry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dns2tcp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dnschef.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dnsenum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dnsmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dnsrecon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/docs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/document-print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dods.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dolphin-emu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dont-starve-together.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dont-starve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/doom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dosbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dota2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/doublecmd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dradis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dragon-ball-online-global.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dragon-ball-xenoverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dribble.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/driconf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/driftnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-multidisk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-optical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-removable-media-usb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-removable-media.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dropbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drweb-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dsniff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dukto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/earth_engine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ease.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/easymp3gain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/easystroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/easytag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/echonest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eclipse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eeschema.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eid-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electrum-ltc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electrum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/element-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/element4l.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/emacs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/email.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/empathy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/enpass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/entangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/enum4linux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ericWeb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/estmob-sendanywhere.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ethereumwallet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ettercap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/evernote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/evil-winrm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/evnc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/exe2hex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/exploit-db.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eyewitness.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/facebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fbmessenger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fcitx-sogoupinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/feh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fern-wifi-cracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ferret-sidejack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ffind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ffmulticonverter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ffuf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fierce.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/file-roller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/filezilla.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-aurora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-developer-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-trunk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firewall-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firewatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/flacon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/flareget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/flash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/flasm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/floppy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/flow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/flowblade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fls.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fluid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fluxgui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fmit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/focuswriter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/folder-wine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fontforge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fonts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fontypython.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/foobnix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/football.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/foremost.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/four-in-a-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/foxit-reader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fping.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/franz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/freecad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/freeciv-client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/freeciv-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/freedoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/freedoom2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/freefilesync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/freeplane.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fritzing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/frogr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/frozen-bubble.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fslint_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fsstat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/full-throttle-remastered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/furiusisomount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fuse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fusion-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gajim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/galleta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gambas3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gargoyle-house.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/garrysmod.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gcompris.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gcstar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gda-browser-5.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gda-control-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdm-xnest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/geany.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gemini.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/genymotion-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/genymotion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/geogebra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gerbview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gfceu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ghidra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ghostwriter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gifup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gimp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/github-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gitkraken.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gitter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/glabels-3.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/glade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gmail-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-2048.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-appfolders-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-boxes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-characters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-memory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-pci.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-pcmcia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-printer-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-disks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-freecell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-glines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-klotski.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-mahjongg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-maps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-nettool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-pie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-robots.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-schedule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-screenshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-sound-recorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-subtitles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-tali.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-taquin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-tetravex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-todo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-twitch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gns3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnumeric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goa-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gobuster.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/godot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/golismero.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goobox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goodvibes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-agenda.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-chrome-beta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-chrome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-docs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-drive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-earth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-photos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-play-music-desktop-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gpdftext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gpk-log.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gpodder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gqrx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gramps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/granatier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/granule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/grid-autosport.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/groovy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/grsync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/grub-customizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gshutdown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk3-demo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtkpod.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/guake-prefs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/guake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gufw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/guitarix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gummi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/guymager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gvm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/haguichi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/half-life.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/half-life2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hamster-sidejack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hamster.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hardware-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hardware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/harmony.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/haroopad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hash-identifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hashcat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hashdeep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hashid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hashit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/havoc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hb-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hedgewars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/help-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/heroesofnewerth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hexchat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hfind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hipchat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hitori.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/homebank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hp_logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hping3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/htop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/httrack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hydra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hydrogen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/iagno.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ibus-bopomofo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ibus-pinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ibus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/icat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/icecat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/iconthemes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/icq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ifind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ignuit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ike-scan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ils.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/image-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/imagemagick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/img_cat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/img_stat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/impacket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/inkscape.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/input-dialpad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/input-keyboard-virtual-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/input-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/input-mouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/input-tablet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/input-touchpad-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/insomnia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/instagram.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/insync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.code.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/iodine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ipython.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/irc-chat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/iron_product_logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/isomaster.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/istat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/itch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/itmages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jabref.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jadx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jamendo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jamovi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jango.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/javasnoop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jboss-autopwn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jcat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jd-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jdownloader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jitsi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jls.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/john.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/johnny.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/journey-of-a-roach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jsql.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/julia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/k4dirstat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/k9-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kadu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kalgebra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-autopilot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-database-assessment-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-detect-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-exploitation-tools-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-exploitdb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-forensics-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-forums.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-hardware-hacking-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-identify-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-info-gathering-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-maintaining-access-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-password-attacks-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-protect-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-recover-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-reporting-tools-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-respond-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-reverse-engineering-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sniffing-spoofing-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-social-engineering-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-stress-testing-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-system-services-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-tweaks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-vuln-assessment-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-web-application-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-wireless-attacks-trans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-www.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kalzium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kanagram.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kanatest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kapman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/karbon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/katomic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kblackbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kblocks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kbounce.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kbreakout.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kbruch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kde-frameworks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdeconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdenlive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdesvn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdevelop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdiamond.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdiff3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/keepassxc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/keeweb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/keurocalc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kexi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/keybase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/keymon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kfoldersync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kgeography.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kgoldrunner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/khangman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kicad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kigo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/killbots.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/king-phisher-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kipi-dngconverter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kipi-expoblending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kipi-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kipi-panorama.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kiriki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kismet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kiten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kjumpingcube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/klines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmenuedit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmouth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmplot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmymoney.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/knotes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/koala.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kodi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kolf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kollision.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/komodo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/komorebi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kompare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/konquest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kontact-import-wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krdc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kreversi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kronometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kruler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader_root.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kshisen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksirk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksnakeduel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kspaceduel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksquares.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kteatime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ktorrent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ktuberling.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kturtle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kubeplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kubrick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kupfer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kvantum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kwalletmanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kwave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/l4d.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/l4d2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/laptopconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/laptopdisconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lastfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lastpass-vault.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/latexila.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/latte-dock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/laudanum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lazarus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ldview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/league-of-legends.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/legion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libinput-gestures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lifeograph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lightcord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lightsoff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lighttable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lightworks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/limbo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/linconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/linphone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/linuxdcpp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/litecoin-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/livepatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/livewallpaper-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/livewallpaper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lmms.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/logisim-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/logview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lollypop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lookit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lucidchart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lugaru.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lynis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lynx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lyricfier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lyx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mactime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/magicrescue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/magictree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/magnatune.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mail.ru-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/makemkv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/maltego.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/manaplus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/manjaro-welcome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/marble.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/marknoto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/markpado.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/marsshooter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/masscan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/masterpdfeditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-inhibit-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-panel-drawer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-panel-separator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/matlab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/maxima.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/maxthon-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mcomix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mdb-sql.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mdk3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-optical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-removable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-tape.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mediawriter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/medusa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mega.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/megaglest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/meld.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mellowplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mendeley-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/meow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/metagoofil.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/metasploit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/metronome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mfoc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mfterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mgba.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/milkytracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mimikatz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/minecraft.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/minetest-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/minitube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintInstall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintnanny.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintupload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/minuet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/miredo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/miro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mitmproxy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mixcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mixxx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mkvinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mkvmergeGUI.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mmcat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mmls.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mmstat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/modem-manager-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/money-manager-ex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/moneydance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/monodevelop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/moserial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mp3splt-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mpv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/msfpc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mstdn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mtvmusic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mullvad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multimedia-photo-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multimedia-player-apple-ipod.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multimedia-video-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multitasking-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/museeks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/museeq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/musescore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/musicbrainz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/musique.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/myrulib.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/myspace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mysql-workbench.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nasc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/navalbattle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/navicat-postgresql.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/navicat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/navit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nbtscan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ncat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ncrack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ndm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nessus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/netbeans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/netcat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/netdiscover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/netease-cloud-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/netflix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nethunter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/netmask.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/netsniff-ng.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/netsurf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-card.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-modem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-vpn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wired-disconected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless-connected-00.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless-connected-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless-connected-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless-connected-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless-hotspot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nexuiz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nicotine-plus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nikto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nishang.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nitroshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nm-signal-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nm-signal-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nm-signal-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nm-signal-75.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nmapsi4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nootka.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notepadqq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-audio-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-audio-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-audio-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-audio-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-display-brightness-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-display-brightness-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-display-brightness-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-display-brightness-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-display-brightness-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-gsm-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-gsm-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-keyboard-brightness.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-microphone-sensitivity-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-network-wireless-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/numptyphysics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nutty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvidia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/obs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ocenaudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ocrfeeder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/octave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/octopi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/office-address-book.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/offsec.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/okteta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ollydbg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/onboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/onesixtyone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openarena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openspades.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openttd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openvas.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/opera-beta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/opera-developer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/opera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ophcrack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/orca.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Connections.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Extensions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Fractal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Keysign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.MultiWriter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.PasswordSafe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Podcasts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Weather.Application.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gtkhash.gtkhash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.netload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.terminal-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/oscanner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/otter-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pac.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pairs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/palapeli.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/palemoon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pandora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/paros.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/parsero.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/partitionmanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/patator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/payday2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pcbcalculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pcbnew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pdf-parser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pdfeditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pdfid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/peass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/peazip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/peek.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pencil.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/persepolis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pgadmin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/phatch-inspector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/phatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/phishing-frenzy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/photocollage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/photofilmstrip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/php.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/phpmyadmin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/picard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pidgin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pillars-of-eternity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pinta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pipal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pitivi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pixiewps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plank-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plasma-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plasma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plasmagik.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/playonlinux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plexhometheater.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pocket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/podcast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/poedit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pokerth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/popcorntime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/postman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/postr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/powershell-empire.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/powershell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/powersploit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ppsspp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pragha.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/prboom-plus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-accessibility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-cursors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-default-applications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-display.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-emoticons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-locale.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-notification-bell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-notifications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-screensaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-theme-windowdecorations.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-theme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-tweaks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-management-service.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-backup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-brightness-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-notifications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-parental-controls.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-power.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-privacy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-sharing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-splash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-windows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-ubuntu-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-web-browser-cookies.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/printer-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/proxychains.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/proxytunnel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pspp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ptunnel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/puddletag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pushbullet-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pwnat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pyrenamer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pyrit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python-faraday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qelectrotech.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qgis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qmmp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qreator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qsampler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qsynth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtpass-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtqr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtractor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/quadrapassel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/quassel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/quimup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qutebrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qwinff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/radare2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/radeon-profile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/radiotray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/radiotunes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rainbowcrack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rakarrack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rambox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rapid-photo-downloader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rapidsvn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rawtherapee.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/razercommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rclone-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rcracki-mt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rdm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/realtimesync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/reaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rebind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/recipes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/recon-ng.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/recstudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/reddit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/reditr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rednotebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redshift.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/referencer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/regedit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rekono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rescuetime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/resharper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/responder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/retext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rhythmbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/riot-web.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rizin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rkhunter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rlogo_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rochard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rocket-league.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rocketchat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rocs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rosegarden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rsmangler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rstudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/runescape.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rygel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/safeeyes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/samdump2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scalpel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scanner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scantailor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scapy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scilab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scout-app.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/screencloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scribus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scrounge-ntfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/seafile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/seahorse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/seamonkey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/searchmonkey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/searchsploit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/securecrt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/security-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/security-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/security-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/selene.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/selinux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/semaphor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sepolicy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/serviio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/session-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/setoolkit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sgt-launcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/shadowsocks-qt5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sheets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/shellnoob.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/shellter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sherlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/shotwell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/showtime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sidguesser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sigfind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sigil.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/signal-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/simplenote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/simplescreenrecorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/skipfish.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/skrooge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/skydrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/skype.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/slack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/slic3r.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/slimjet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/slingscold.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smartgit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smartphone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smartphoneconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smartphonedisconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smbmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smilla.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smtp-user-enum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/snmp-check.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/soapui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/software-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/software-store.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/softwarecenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solaar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solfege.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/somafm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sonata.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/songkick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sorter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sound-juicer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/soundcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/soundkonverter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/soundnode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/soundwire.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/space-invaders.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spacefm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spaceview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sparrow-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sparta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spiderfoot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spideroak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spike.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spooftooph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sportstracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spotify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sqldict.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sqlitebrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sqlmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sqlninja.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sqlsus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/srch-string.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ssdeep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ssh-askpass-gnome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ssldump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sslh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sslscan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sslsplit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sslyze.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stacer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/starbound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/starkiller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/staruml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steadyflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_201700.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_20920.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_222880.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_233720.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_265930.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_286690.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_287390.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_400.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_440.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_620.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steamvr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stellarium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/step.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stoken-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/streamtuner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stremio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stunnel4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/subdownloader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sublime-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/subsonic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/subsurface-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/subtitleeditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sudoku.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sunflower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/superkaramba.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/supermeatboy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/supertuxkart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/swaks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/swatchbooker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/swell-foop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/synapse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/syncthing-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/synergy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/synfig_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/synology-cloud-station-drive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/syspeek.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-config-samba.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-log-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-reboot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-shutdown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-software-installer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-suspend-hibernate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-suspend.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-switch-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tablet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tabletconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tabletdisconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/taxi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tcpdump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tcpreplay.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/teamspeak3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/teamviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/teeworlds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/telegram.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/telephony-service-call.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tellico.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/terminator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/termineter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/terminus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/terraria.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/teslagrad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/texmaker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/texstudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/textwrangler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thc-pptp-bruter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thcping6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/the-cave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/theharvester.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thermal-monitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thimbleweed-park.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunderbird.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunderbolt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tigervnc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tiled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tilix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/timeshift.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tixati.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tnscmd10g.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/to-the-moon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/toby-the-secret-mine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tomahawk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tomato.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/torcs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tormessenger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tortoisehg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/total-war.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/touchpad-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/touchpad-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/trackma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tracktion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/transmageddon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/transmission.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/trello.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tribler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/trillian.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/trimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/trine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/trine2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/trine3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/trojita.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/truecrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tsk_comparedir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tsk_gettimes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tsk_loaddb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tsk_recover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tuxguitar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tuxpuck.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tvtime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tweetdeck.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/twitter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/type-rider.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/typecatcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/typora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/uTorrent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ubiquity-kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/udptunnel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ue4editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/uget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ukuu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unicornscan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/uninterruptible-power-supply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-editor-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unix-privesc-check.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unknown-horizons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/update-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/upload-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/upwork.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/urbanterror.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/urserver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/usb-creator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/usb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-system-monitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-terminal_su.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/variety.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vbam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vectr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vega.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/veil.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/veracrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vfeed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/viber.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/victor-vran.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vidalia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vidcutter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/view-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/villain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/virt-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/visual-studio-code.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vivaldi-beta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vivaldi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vkaudiosaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vlc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vmpk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vmware-netcfg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vmware-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vmware-workstation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/voiphopper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/volafox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/volatility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vulnhub.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vym.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/w3af.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wafw00f.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wallch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wallpaper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wapiti.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/war-thunder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/warmux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/waterfox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/watobo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wayland.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/webby.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/webscarab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/webshells.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/webtorrent-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/weevely.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wesnoth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wesnoth_editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wfuzz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/whatsapp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/whatweb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/widelands.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wifite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wiimotedev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wikipedia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/windows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wine-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wine-internet-explorer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wine-notepad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wine-uninstaller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wine-winecfg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/winemine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/winetricks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wingpanel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/winusb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wire.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wireshark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wiznote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wordlists.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wordpress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/words.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wordview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/workrave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/workspace-switcher-right-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/workspace-switcher-right-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/workspace-switcher-top-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/workspace-switcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/worms.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wps-office-pdfmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wpscan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wpscrackgui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wunderlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xampp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xchat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xdman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-eyes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-sample-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-statusnotifier-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-systray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-taskbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xiphos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xmind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xmlcopyeditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xmoto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xneur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xnoise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xnretro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xonotic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xorg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xournal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xplico.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/y-ppa-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yacreader-library.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yacreader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yandex-browser-beta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yandex-disk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yaourtgui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yara.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-snapper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast_backup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/youtube-dl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/youtube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yubikey-neo-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yubikey-personalization-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yubikey-piv-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yubioath.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yuzu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zandronum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zaproxy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zegrapher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zotero.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zuluCrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zuluMount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zynaddsubfx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/applications-development-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/applications-education-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/applications-engineering-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/applications-games-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/applications-graphics-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/applications-internet-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/applications-multimedia-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/applications-office-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/applications-other-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/applications-science-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/applications-utilities-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/emoji-activities-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/emoji-body-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/emoji-flags-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/emoji-food-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/emoji-nature-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/emoji-objects-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/emoji-people-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/emoji-recent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/emoji-symbols-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/emoji-travel-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/preferences-desktop-online-accounts-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/preferences-other-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/preferences-system-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/slideshow-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/system-help-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/ac-adapter-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/audio-card-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/audio-headphones-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/audio-headset-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/audio-speakers-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/auth-fingerprint-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/auth-sim-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/auth-smartcard-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/battery-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/bluetooth-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/camera-photo-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/camera-video-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/camera-web-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/colorimeter-colorhug-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/computer-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/cpu-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/display-projector-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-solidstate-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-multidisk-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-optical-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-removable-media-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/input-dialpad-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/input-gaming-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/input-keyboard-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/input-mouse-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/input-tablet-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/input-touchpad-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/laptop-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/media-flash-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/media-floppy-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/media-removable-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/media-tape-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/media-zip-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/modem-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/multimedia-player-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/network-cellular-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/network-server-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/network-wired-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/network-wireless-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/pda-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/phone-old-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/printer-network-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/printer-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/ram-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/scanner-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/sim-card-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/smartphone-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/tablet-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/thunderbolt-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/tv-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/uninterruptible-power-supply-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/video-display-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/video-joined-displays-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/video-single-display-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/Nextcloud_error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/Nextcloud_error_shared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/Nextcloud_ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/Nextcloud_ok_shared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/Nextcloud_sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/Nextcloud_sync_shared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/Nextcloud_warn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/Nextcloud_warn_shared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-dropbox-app.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-dropbox-infinite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-encrypted-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-encrypted-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-favorite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-mounted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-photos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-question.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-readonly.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-shared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-symbolic-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-synchronizing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-syncthing-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-syncthing-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-syncthing-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-syncthing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-unmounted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-unreadable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-urgent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-web.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/vcs-added.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/vcs-conflicting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/vcs-locally-modified-unstaged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/vcs-locally-modified.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/vcs-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/vcs-removed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/vcs-update-required.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-default-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-documents-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-favorite-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-important-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-music-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-ok-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-photos-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-shared-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-system-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-videos-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/index.theme      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-apk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-ascii.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-audio-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-certificate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-database.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-document.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-epub+zip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-executable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-flash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-geo+json.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-java.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-json.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-mathematica.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-mbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-octet-stream.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-pdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-postscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-rss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-script-blank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-software.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-text-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-torrent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-typescript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.flatpak.ref.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.flatpak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.mysql-workbench-model.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-wireshark-doc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-audacity-project.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-blender.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-cd-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-firmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-glade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-krita.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-lyx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-model.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-mono-develop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-perl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-php.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-scribus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-sharedlib.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-subrip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-theme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-trash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-yaml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-zerosize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-midi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-smart-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/deb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/encrypted-key.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gdform.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gdlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gdnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gdscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gdtable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-vnd.adobe.photoshop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-xcf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/inode-symlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-extension.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-master-document.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-web.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-dockerfile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-kotlin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-markdown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-rust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-swift.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-arduino.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-c++.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-c.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-changelog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-copying.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-csharp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-css.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-diff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-dsrc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-emacs-lisp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-fortran.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-go.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-gtkrc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-haskell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-iptables.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-javascript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-lilypond.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-lua.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-meson.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-nim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-octave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-pascal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-patch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-python.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-qml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-r.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-readme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-ruby.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-sass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-scala.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-systemd-unit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-tex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-vala.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-vcard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/virtualbox-vbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/virtualbox-vdi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-doc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-contact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/application-certificate-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/application-rss+xml-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/application-x-addon-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/application-x-appliance-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/application-x-executable-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/application-x-firmware-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/audio-x-generic-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/font-x-generic-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/image-x-generic-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/inode-directory-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/media-optical-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/package-x-generic-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/playlist-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/text-html-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/text-x-generic-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/text-x-systemd-unit-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/video-x-generic-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/x-office-address-book-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/x-office-calendar-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/x-office-document-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/x-office-drawing-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/x-office-presentation-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/x-office-spreadsheet-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/1password-panel-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/1password-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/5g.svg     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/QMPlay2-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ac-adapter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/account-logged-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/acestream-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/airplane-mode-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/airplane-mode-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/airplane-mode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/akonaditray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/alarm-clock-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/alarm-clock-triggered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/albert-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/amd-alto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/amd-bajo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/amd-medio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/anatine-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/anatine-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/android-messages-desktop-tray-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/android-messages-desktop-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ao-app-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/application-running.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/applications-all-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/applications-email-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audacious-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-recorder-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-recorder-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-recorder-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-headphones-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-muted-headphones-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/autokey-status-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/autokey-status.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/avatar-default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/barrier-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/barrier-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/barrier-transfering.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-000-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-010-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-010.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-020-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-030-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-030.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-040-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-050-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-050.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-060-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-070-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-070.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-080-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-090-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-090.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-100-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-ac-adapter-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-caution-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-caution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-empty-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-full-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-good-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-missing-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-profile-performance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-profile-powersave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bauh-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bauh-update-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bitcoin-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bitwarden-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bluemail-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bluetooth-active-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bluetooth-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bluetooth-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bluetooth-paired-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bluetooth-paired.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bomi-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/brave-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/brightness-high-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/brightness-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/brightness-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bumblebee-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cadence-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/caffeine-cup-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/caffeine-cup-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/calibre-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/camera-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/camera-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/camera-ready.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cantata-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/caps-lock-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/caps-lock-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cisco-tray-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cisco-tray-disconnecting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cisco-tray-notconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cisco-tray-quarantined.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cisco-tray-reconnecting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/classicmenu-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/clementine-panel-grey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/clementine-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/clickup-desktop-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/clipboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/clockify-blue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/clockify-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cloudstatus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/com.leinardi.gwe-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/copyq-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/copyq-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/corectrl-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cpod-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/crow-translate-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cryptfolder-closed-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cryptfolder-open-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cryptkeeper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/de.haeckerfelix.gradio-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/deadbeef-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/deltachat-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/deluge-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/desktopdisconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/desktoptrusted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/devhub-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/devhub-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dialog-information-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dialog-password-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dino-status-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dino-status-chat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dino-status-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dino-status-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/discord-tray-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/discord-tray-deafened.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/discord-tray-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/discord-tray-speaking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/discord-tray-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/discord-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/disk-quota-critical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/disk-quota-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/disk-quota-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/disper-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/display-brightness-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dnfdragora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/drive-harddisk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/drive-removable-media-pendrive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/drive-removable-media-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/drive-removable-media-usb-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dropboxstatus-blank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dropboxstatus-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dropboxstatus-busy2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dropboxstatus-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dropboxstatus-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dropboxstatus-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/electron-mail-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/element-desktop-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/enpass-status.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/eu.scarpetta.QtWAW-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/everpad-mono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/exaile-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/exaile-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/face-smile-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-anthy-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-cangjie-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-chewing-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-erbi-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-googlepinyin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-hangul-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-kkc-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-mozc-alpha-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-mozc-alpha-half.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-mozc-dictionary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-mozc-direct.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-mozc-hiragana.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-mozc-katakana-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-mozc-katakana-half.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-mozc-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-mozc-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-pinyin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-rime-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-sayura-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-shuangpin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-skk-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-sunpinyin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-unikey-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-wubi-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-ziranma-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/feedindicator-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/feedindicator-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ferdium-indirect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ferdium-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ferdium-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/firewall-applet-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/firewall-applet-panic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/firewall-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/flameshot-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/flareget-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fluxgui-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/franz-attention-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/franz-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/freezer-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fusion-icon-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gammastep-status-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gammastep-status-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gdlauncher-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gitify-tray-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gitify-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gitlab-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gitter-indicator-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gitter-indicator-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gitter-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gmail-tray-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gmail-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gnome-pie-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/goldendict-scan-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/goldendict-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/google-chat-badge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/google-chat-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/google-chat-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/google-chrome-no-notification-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/google-chrome-notification-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/google-chrome-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/google-chrome-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/google-music-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/google-tasks-indicator-light-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/google-tasks-indicator-light-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd-invalid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd-invalid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-hibernate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-inhibit-invalid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-inhibit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-monitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpmdp-tray-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpmdp-tray-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpmdp-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/grive-app-ind-con-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/grive-app-ind-con-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/grive-app-ind-con-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/grive-app-ind-sleep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/grive-app-ind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gtg-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/guake-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/guitarix-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/haguichi-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/haguichi-connecting-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/haguichi-connecting-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/haguichi-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/hangouts-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/hangouts-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/hangouts-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/hangouts-working.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/harmony-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/heroic-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/hexchat-highlight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/hexchat-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/hipchat4-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/hipchat4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/hp-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-cpufreq-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-cpufreq-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-cpufreq-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-cpufreq-75.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-cpufreq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-feedindicator-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-feedindicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-fortune.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Am.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Av.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-By.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Dv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Dz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ee.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-He.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ik.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-In.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-It.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Km.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Md.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-My.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ne.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-No.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Or.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Vi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Wo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Xs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Yo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-lunar-satelite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-lunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-messages-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-messages-red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-notification-read-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-notification-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-notification-unread-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-notification-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-privacy-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-sensors-battery.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-sensors-case.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-sensors-chip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-sensors-cpu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-sensors-disk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-sensors-fan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-sensors-gpu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-sensors-memory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-sound-switcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-stardate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-trashindicator-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-trashindicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-virtual-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-workspaces-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-workspaces-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-workspaces-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-workspaces-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-workspaces-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-workspaces-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-workspaces-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-workspaces-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/input-keyboard-virtual-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/input-keyboard-virtual-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/input-touchpad-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/input-touchpad-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/insync-alert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/insync-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/insync-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/insync-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/insync-synced.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/insync-syncing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/internxt-drive-issues.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/internxt-drive-standby.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/internxt-drive-syncing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/irc-channel-joined.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/irc-channel-parted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/irccloud-desktop-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/jamesdsp-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/jdownloader-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/joplin-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/kaku-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/kazam-countdown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/kazam-stopped.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keepassx-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keepassx-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keepassxc-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keepassxc-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keybase-badged-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keybase-badged-uploading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keybase-badged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keybase-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keybase-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keybase-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keybase-uploading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keyboard-battery-caution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keyboard-battery-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keyboard-battery-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keyboard-battery-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keyboard-battery-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keyboard-battery-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/klipper-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-monitor-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-monitor-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-monitor-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-monitor-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-monitor-transmit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/konv_message.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/konversation-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/kotatogram-attention-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/kotatogram-mute-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/kotatogram-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/krb-expiring-ticket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/krb-no-valid-ticket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/krb-valid-ticket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/krudiotray-light-off24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/krudiotray-light-on24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ktorrent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/kuro-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ladi-started.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ladi-starting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ladi-stopped.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/laptopattention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/laptopconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/laptopdisconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/laptoptrusted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/liferea-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/liferea-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/listen.moe-desktop-app-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/livewallpaper-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/lookit-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/lutris-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/lyricfier-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mailspring-tray-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mailspring-tray-full-newitems.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mailspring-tray-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/manjaro-settings-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mattermost-mention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mattermost-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mattermost-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/megaalert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/megalogging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/megapaused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/megasynching.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/megauptodate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/megawarning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mellowplayer-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/messenger-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/messenger-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mic-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mic-ready.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mic-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mic-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mic-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/minetime-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mini-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mintupdate-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mintupdate-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mintupdate-installing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mintupdate-up-to-date.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mintupdate-updates-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mnotify-none-wireframe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mnotify-some-wireframe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mntray-news.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mntray-regular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/moderndeck-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/morgen-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/motrix-tray-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/motrix-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mouse-battery-caution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mouse-battery-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mouse-battery-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mouse-battery-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mouse-battery-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mouse-battery-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mstdn-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mullvad-tray-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mullvad-tray-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mullvad-tray-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mullvad-tray-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mullvad-tray-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mullvad-tray-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mullvad-tray-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mullvad-tray-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mullvad-tray-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/multimedia-player-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mumble-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/museeks-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/museeq-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/museeq-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mynotes-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-3g.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-4g.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-acquiring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-cdma-1x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-edge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-evdo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-gprs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-hspa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-no-route.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-excellent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-good-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-none-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-ok-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-excellent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-umts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-transmit-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-transmit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-vpn-acquiring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-vpn-lock-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-vpn-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-vpn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-acquiring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-no-route.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-acquiring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-hotspot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-no-route.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-excellent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-excellent-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-excellent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-good-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-ok-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-weak-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/new-messages-red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/night-light-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/night-light-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nitroshare-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nixnote2-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-mb-roam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-tech-3g.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-tech-4g.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-tech-cdma-1x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-tech-edge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-tech-evdo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-tech-gprs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-tech-hspa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-tech-umts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-vpn-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-vpn-standalone-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-wwan-tower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nomachine-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nomachine-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notes-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-new-10-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-new-20-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-new-30-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-new-40-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-new-50-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-new-60-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-new-70-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-new-80-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-new-90-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nozbe-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/num-lock-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/num-lock-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nutstore-offline-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nutstore-oops-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nutstore-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nutstore-paused-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nutstore-synchronized-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nutstore-synchronizing-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/obs-tray-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/obs-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/octopi-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/octopi-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/octopi-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/onboard-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/openbazaar-system-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/opensnitch-tray-alert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/opensnitch-tray-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/opensnitch-tray-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/opensnitch-tray-red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/opensnitch-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/optimus-tray-intel-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/optimus-tray-nvidia-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.kde.neochat.tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.nicotine_plus.Nicotine-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.nicotine_plus.Nicotine-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.nicotine_plus.Nicotine-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.nicotine_plus.Nicotine-msg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.rnd2.cpupower_gui-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pcloud-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pcloud-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pcloud-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pcloud-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pcloud-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/persepolis-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/phone-battery-caution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/phone-battery-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/phone-battery-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/phone-battery-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/phone-battery-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/phone-battery-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pia_tray_connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pia_tray_connecting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pia_tray_disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pithos-tray-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/plasmavault-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/plasmavault_error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pocket-casts-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoneapp-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoneapp-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoneapp-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoneapp-started.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-00.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-01.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-02.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-03.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-04.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-05.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-06.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-07.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-08.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-09.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-21.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-23.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-26.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-27.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-28.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-29.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-30.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-31.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-33.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-34.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-35.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-36.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-37.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-38.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-39.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-40.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-41.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-42.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-43.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-44.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-45.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-46.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-47.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-49.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-51.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-52.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-53.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-54.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-55.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-56.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-57.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-58.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-59.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-60.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-61.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-start-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pomodoro-stop-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/popcorntime-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pragha-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/preferences-desktop-accessibility-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/preferences-desktop-display-randr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/preferences-system-power-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/premid-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/prime-hybrid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/prime-intel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/prime-nvidia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/printer-printing-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/process-syncing-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/process-syncing-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/process-syncing-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/process-syncing-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/process-syncing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/process-working-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/protonmail-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/protonmail-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/protonvpn-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/protonvpngui-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/protonvpngui-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/protonvpngui-no-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/psensor_hot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/psensor_normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pushbullet-indicator-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pushbullet-indicator-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pushbullet-indicator-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync0-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync1-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync2-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync3-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qalculate-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qbittorrent-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qelectrotech-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qjoypad-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qnapi-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qomp-pause-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qomp-play-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qomp-stop-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qtox-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qtox-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qtox-event.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qtox-invisible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qtox-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qtox-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qtpass-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/quota.svg  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/radiotray_connecting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/radiotray_off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/radiotray_on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rambox-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rambox-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rambox-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rare-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rclonetray-connected-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rclonetray-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/redshift-status-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/redshift-status-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rememberthemilk-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rememberthemilk-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rememberthemilk-unseen-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/remmina-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/remote-folder-sync-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/remote-folder-sync-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/remote-folder-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rescuetime-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rescuetime-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rhythmbox-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rhythmbox-playing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/riot-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rocketchat-tray-alert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rocketchat-tray-dot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rocketchat-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rto-proxy-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/safeeyes_disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/safeeyes_enabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/scc-dead.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/scc-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/scc-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/screencloud-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/screencloud-uploading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/scroll-lock-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/scroll-lock-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/seafile-status-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/seafile-status-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/seafile-status-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/seafile-status-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/seafile-status-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/seafile-status-syncing-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/seafile-status-syncing-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/security-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/security-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/security-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/sendanywhere-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/session-desktop-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/shutter-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-unread-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/simplescreenrecorder-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/simplescreenrecorder-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/simplescreenrecorder-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/simplescreenrecorder-recording.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/sirikali-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-away-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-connected-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-connecting-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-connecting-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-disturb-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-disturb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-hidden-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-offline-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/slack-indicator-highlight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/slack-indicator-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/slack-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/smartcode-stremio-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/smartphoneattention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/smartphoneconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/smartphonedisconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/smartphonetrusted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/smplayer-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/solaar-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/solaar-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/spotify-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/start-here-kde-plasma-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/start-here-lxqt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/start-here.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/state-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/state-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/state-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/state-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/state-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/state-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/state-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/state-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/steadyflow-alert-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/steadyflow-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/steam_tray_mono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/strawberry-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/superproductivity-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/synapse-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/synergy-panel-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/synergy-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/syspeek-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/syspeek-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/syspeek-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/syspeek-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/syspeek-30.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/syspeek-40.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/syspeek-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/syspeek-60.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/syspeek-70.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/syspeek-80.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/syspeek-90.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/system-devices-panel-alert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/system-devices-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/system-file-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/system-restart-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tabletattention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tabletconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tabletdisconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tablettrusted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tartube-check-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tartube-download-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tartube-info-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tartube-refresh-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tartube-tidy-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tartube-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tartube-update-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teams-for-linux-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teams-tray-activity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teams-tray-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teams-tray-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teams-tray-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teams-tray-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teams-tray-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teams-tray-noactivity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teams-tray-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teamviewer-indicator-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teamviewer-indicator-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teamviewer-indicator-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teamviewer-indicator-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teamviewer-indicator-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teamviewer-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/telegram-attention-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/telegram-mute-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/telegram-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/thunderbird-attention-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/thunderbird-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ticktick-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/timekpr-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/todoist-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tomahawk-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/toolbox-tray-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/transmission-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/trimage-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tusk-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tutanota-desktop-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tvconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tvdisconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tvtrusted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tweet-tray-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/twitch-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/uget-tray-default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/uget-tray-downloading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/uget-tray-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ulauncher-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/update-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/update-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/update-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/update-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-invisible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-status-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-status-pending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/utools-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/variety-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/veracrypt-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/viber-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/viber-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/virt-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/vivaldi-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/vk-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/vlc-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/vorta-tray-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/vorta-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/wallet-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/wallet-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-wind-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-wind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clouds-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clouds-wind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clouds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-fog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-freezing-rain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-none-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-overcast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-severe-alert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-showers-scattered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-showers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-snow-rain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-snow-scattered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-snow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-storm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-windy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/webtorrent-desktop-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/wechat-tray-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/wechat-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/whatsapp-msg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/whatsapp-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/whatsapp-warning-msg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/whatsapp-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/whatsie-tray-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/whatsie-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/wire-tray-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/wire-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/wiznote-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/workrave-indicator-quiet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/workrave-indicator-suspended.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/workrave-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/x-tile-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-urgent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-whiskermenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-brightness-lcd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yaradio-yamusic-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yate-tray-incomingcall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yate-tray-incomingchat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yate-tray-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yate-tray-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yate-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yd-busy1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yd-ind-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yd-ind-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yd-ind-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/youtube-music-desktop-app-tray-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/youtube-music-desktop-app-tray-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/youtube-music-desktop-app-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/youtube-music-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/zeal-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/zim-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-black_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-blue_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-brown_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cyan_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-green_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-grey_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-magenta_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-orange_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-red_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-teal_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-violet_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder-yellow_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/folder_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-dav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/inode-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/insync-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/library-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/network-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/network_fs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/redhat-network-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/stock_folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/stock_inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/stock_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/stock_outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/stock_sent-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-blue-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-green-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-red-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-trash-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-trash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-yellow-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/budgie-start-here-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/folder-documents-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/folder-download-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/folder-music-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/folder-pictures-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/folder-publicshare-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/folder-remote-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/folder-saved-search-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/folder-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/folder-templates-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/folder-videos-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/internet-radio-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/mail-archive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/mail-folder-inbox-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/mail-folder-outbox-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/nemo-bookmark-not-found-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/network-workgroup-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/places-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/start-here-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/user-bookmarks-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/user-desktop-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/user-home-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/user-trash-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/workspaces-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-available-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-broken.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-downgrade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-installed-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-installed-outdated.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-installed-updated.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-purge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-reinstall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-supported.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/16/package-upgrade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/32/offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/32/online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/airplane-mode-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/airplane-mode-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/alarm-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/appointment-missed-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/appointment-soon-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/arch-error-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/arch-lit-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/arch-unknown-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/arch-updates-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/arch-uptodate-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/audio-volume-overamplified-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/auth-sim-locked-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/auth-sim-missing-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/avatar-default-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-caution-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-0-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-0-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-10-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-10-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-100-charged-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-100-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-20-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-20-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-30-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-30-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-40-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-40-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-50-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-50-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-60-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-60-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-70-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-70-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-80-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-80-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-90-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-level-90-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-missing-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/blueberry-tray-active-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/bluetooth-active-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/bumblebee-active-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/bumblebee-inactive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/call-incoming-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/call-missed-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/call-outgoing-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/camera-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/capslock-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/capslock-enabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/changes-allow-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/changes-prevent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/channel-insecure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/channel-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/checkbox-checked-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/checkbox-mixed-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/checkbox-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/computer-fail-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/content-loading-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/daytime-sunrise-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/daytime-sunset-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/dialog-error-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/dialog-information-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/dialog-password-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/dialog-question-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/dialog-warning-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/display-brightness-high-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/display-brightness-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/display-brightness-medium-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/display-brightness-off-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/display-brightness-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/folder-drag-accept-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/folder-open-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/folder-visiting-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/freon-gpu-temperature-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/globe-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/gser-icon-playing-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/gser-icon-stopped-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/image-loading-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/keyboard-brightness-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/location-services-active-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/location-services-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/mail-attachment-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/mail-read-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/mail-replied-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/mail-unread-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-consecutive-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-no-repeat-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-song-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-shuffle-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/message-indicator-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/mpi-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/my-caffeine-off-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/my-caffeine-on-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-acquiring-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-2g-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-3g-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-4g-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-5g-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-cdma-1x-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-disconnected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-edge-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-error-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-gprs-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-hspa-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-umts-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-disconnected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-error-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-idle-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-receive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-transmit-receive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-transmit-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-vpn-acquiring-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-vpn-disconnected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-vpn-error-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-vpn-no-route-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-vpn-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wired-error-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wired-no-route-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wired-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-connected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-disconnected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-encrypted-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-error-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/night-light-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/non-starred-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/notification-disabled-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/notification-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/notification-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/notification-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/numlock-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/numlock-enabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/nvidia-card-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/nvidia-ram-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/org.gnome.Shell.Extensions.GSConnect-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/orientation-landscape-inverse-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/orientation-landscape-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/orientation-portrait-inverse-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/orientation-portrait-left-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/orientation-portrait-right-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/orientation-portrait-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/power-profile-balanced-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/power-profile-performance-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/power-profile-power-saver-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/prime-indicator-hybrid-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/prime-indicator-intel-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/prime-indicator-nvidia-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/printer-error-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/printer-printing-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/printer-warning-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/process-completed-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/process-error-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/radio-checked-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/radio-mixed-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/radio-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/revolt-status-blink-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/revolt-status-online-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/rotation-allowed-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/rotation-locked-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/screen-shared-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/security-high-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/security-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/security-medium-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/semi-starred-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/semi-starred-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/sensors-fan-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/sensors-temperature-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/sensors-voltage-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/software-update-available-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/software-update-urgent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/starred-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/stopwatch-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/task-due-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/task-past-due-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/thunderbolt-acquiring-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/timer-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/touch-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/touchpad-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/touchpad-enabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/user-available-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/user-away-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/user-busy-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/user-idle-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/user-invisible-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/user-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/user-status-pending-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/user-trash-full-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/view-private-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/view-wrapped-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/view-wrapped-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/weather-clear-night-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/weather-clear-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/weather-few-clouds-night-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/weather-few-clouds-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/weather-fog-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/weather-overcast-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/weather-severe-alert-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/weather-showers-scattered-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/weather-showers-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/weather-snow-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/weather-storm-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/weather-tornado-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/weather-windy-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/action-unavailable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/address-book-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/adjustcurves.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/adjusthsl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/adjustlevels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/adjustrgb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-horizontal-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-horizontal-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-horizontal-left-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-horizontal-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-horizontal-right-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-horizontal-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-horizontal-top-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-vertical-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-vertical-top-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/align-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/amarok_cart_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/amarok_cart_remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/amarok_cart_view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/antivignetting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/application-exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/application-rss+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/appointment-missed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/appointment-soon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/arrow-down-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/arrow-up-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/as_disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/as_light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/atmosphere.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/audio-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/audio-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/audio-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/audio-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/auto-type.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/autocorrection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/automated-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bitmap-trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/blurfx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bookmark-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bookmark-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bordertool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/boundingbox_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/boundingbox_bottom_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/boundingbox_bottom_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/boundingbox_center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/boundingbox_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/boundingbox_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/boundingbox_top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/boundingbox_top_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/boundingbox_top_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bwtonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/calendar-go-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/call-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/call-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/channelmixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/chronometer-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/chronometer-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cloud-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cloud-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_extractfiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_flatview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_markinvert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_markminus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_markplus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_runterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/code-block.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/code-class.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/code-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/code-function.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/code-typedef.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/code-variable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/color-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/color-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/color-management.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/color-picker-black.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/color-picker-grey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/color-picker-white.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/color-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/colorfx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/colorneg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/colors-chromablue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/colors-chromagreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/colors-chromared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/compass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/configure-toolbars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/connector-avoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/connector-ignore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/connector-orthogonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/contact-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/contrast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/coordinate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/crosshairs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/curve-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dashboard-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/database-change-key.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/database-index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/debug-run-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/debug-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/debug-step-instruction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/debug-step-into.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/debug-step-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/debug-step-over.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/delete-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/depth16to8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/depth8to16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-geometry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-input-devices.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-messages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-password.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-path-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-text-and-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-tile-clones.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-xml-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-graph-directed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-graph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-horizontal-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-unclump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-vertical-equal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-vertical-margin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-vertical-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-vertical-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-edit-decrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-edit-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-edit-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-new-from-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-open-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-page-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-revert-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-save-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-swap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/documentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/double-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-bezier-curves.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-booleans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-brush.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-calligraphic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-circle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-cross.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-cuboid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-donut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-ellipse-arc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-ellipse-chord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-ellipse-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-ellipse-whole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-geometry-angle-bisector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-geometry-circle-from-radius.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-geometry-circle-from-three-points.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-geometry-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-geometry-line-parallel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-geometry-line-perpendicular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-geometry-line-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-geometry-mirror.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-geometry-set-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-geometry-show-measuring-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-geometry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-halfcircle1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-halfcircle2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-halfcircle3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-halfcircle4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-polyline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-spiral.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-trace-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-triangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-use-pressure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-use-tilt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-watercolor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/earthquake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-bomb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-clear-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-clear-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-clear-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-clone-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-find-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-image-face-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-image-face-recognize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-opacity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-paste-in-place.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-paste-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-select-all-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-select-invert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-select-lasso.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-select-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-select-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-select-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-table-cell-merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-table-cell-split.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-table-delete-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-table-delete-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-text-frame-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-undo-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/embosstool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/entry-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/entry-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/escape-direction-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/escape-direction-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/escape-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/escape-direction-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/escape-direction-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/escape-direction-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/escape-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/exchange-positions-zorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/exchange-positions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/favorite-genres-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-anthy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-cangjie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-chewing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-chn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-erbi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-hangul.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-kbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-kkc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-pinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-punc-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-remind-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-rime-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-rime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-sayura.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-shuangpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-skk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-unikey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-wubi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-ziranma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-and-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-divider.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-dot-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-initial-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-moodbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-slash-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-space-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-title-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-underscore-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fill-rule-even-odd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fill-rule-nonzero.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filmgrain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/find-location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fitbest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fitheight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fitsize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fitwidth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/flag-black.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/flag-blue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/flag-green.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/flag-red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/flag-yellow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/flatten_simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/focus-legacy-systray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/focus-top-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/focus-windows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/folder-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/folder-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/folder-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/folder-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/folder-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/font-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/footsteps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fork.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-add-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-align-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-break-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-connect-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-convert-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-currency.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-font-size-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-font-size-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-indent-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-indent-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-insert-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-join-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-line-spacing-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-line-spacing-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-line-spacing-triple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-list-unordered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-node-corner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-node-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-node-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-node-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-node-symmetric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-number-percent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-precision-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-precision-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-remove-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-segment-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-segment-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-blockquote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-bold.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-capitalize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-direction-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-direction-r2l.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-direction-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-italic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-larger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-lowercase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-remove-formatting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-smaller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-strikethrough.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-symbol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-underline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-uppercase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/games-achievements.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/games-config-board.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/games-config-tiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/games-difficult.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/games-hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gcr-gnupg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/giggle-branch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-first.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-jump-declaration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-jump-definition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-jump-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-jump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-last.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-next-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-next-use.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-parent-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-previous-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-previous-use.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/grid-axonometric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/grid-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/group-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/group-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-convert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-select-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/help-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/help-contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/homerun.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hotpixels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hypnotoad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/icon_console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/icon_radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/icon_user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-ban-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-facebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-gadugadu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-google-talk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-google.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-groupwise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-icq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-identi.ca.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-invisible-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-irc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-jabber.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-kick-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-msn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-qq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-skype.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-twitter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-user-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-user-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-user-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-user-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-yahoo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-youtube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/image-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/image-denoise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/image-filter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/image-red-eye.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/image-sharpen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/image-straighten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/indicator-notification-close-deselect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-button.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-emoticon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-endnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-footnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-math-expression.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-more-mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-object.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-page-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-text-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/interactive_simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/irc-channel-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/irc-remove-operator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/journal-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-align-hor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-align-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-align-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-align-vert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-composite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-hide-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-object-height.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-object-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-select-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-select-rects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-select-texts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-select-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-show-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-show-markers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-show-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-slide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-slip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-split-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/key-enter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kittens.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kmouth-phrase-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kr_combine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kr_comparedirs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kr_diskusage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kr_unselect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_cbound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_clines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_cnames.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_deepsky.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_ekos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_fitsviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_hgrid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_horizon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_indi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_mw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_satellites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_solarsystem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kstars_supernovae.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-add-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-magnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-remove-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-speed-limits.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-stop-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-upnp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-TeX-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-axis-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-shift-down-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-shift-left-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-shift-right-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-shift-up-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-xy-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/layer-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/layer-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/layer-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/layer-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/layer-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/layer-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/layer-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/layer-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/layer-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/layer-visible-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/layer-visible-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/lensautofix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/lensdistortion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/license.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/lighttable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/lines-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/list-add-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/list-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/list-remove-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/list-remove-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/list-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/love-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/love.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-attachment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-encrypted-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-invitation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-mark-junk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-mark-notjunk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-mark-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-mark-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-message-new-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-open-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-send-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-signed-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-tagged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-thread-ignored.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-thread-watch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-unread-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/manga.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/map-flat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/map-globe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/map-gnomonic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/map-mercator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mark-location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-album-track.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-playback-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-playback-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-playback-playing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-playback-start-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-playback-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-playback-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-playback-stopped.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-playlist-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-playlist-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-playlist-repeat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-playlist-shuffle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-random-albums-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-repeat-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-seek-backward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-seek-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-skip-backward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-skip-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-track-queue-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-view-subtitles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/meeting-participant-no-response.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/meeting-participant-request-response.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mesh-gradient-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mesh-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/network-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/network-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/network-server-vmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/new-24h-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/news-unsubscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/node-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/node-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/node-delete-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/node-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/node-join-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/node-join.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/node-segment-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/node-segment-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/node-transform.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/node-type-auto-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/node-type-cusp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/node-type-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/node-type-symmetric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-flip-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-flip-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-rotate-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-rotate-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-rows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-straighten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-stroke-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-tweak-attract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-tweak-blur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-tweak-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-tweak-jitter-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-tweak-paint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-tweak-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-tweak-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-tweak-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-tweak-shrink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-ungroup-pop-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-ungroup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-area-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-area-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-area.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-line-forecast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-line-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-line-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-pie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-polar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-ring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-chart-scatter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/office-report.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/osd-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/osd-rotate-ccw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/osd-rotate-cw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/osd-rotate-flip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/osd-rotate-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/osd-sbs-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/osd-sbs-sright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/osd-shutd-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/osd-shutd-screen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/output_win.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/overflow-menu-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/overflow-menu-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/overflow-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/pack-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/pack-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/page-2sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/page-3sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/page-4sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/page-simple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/paint-gradient-conical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/paint-gradient-linear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/paint-gradient-mesh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/paint-gradient-radial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/paint-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/paint-pattern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/paint-solid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/paint-swatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/paint-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/pan-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/pan-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/pan-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/pan-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/pane-hide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/pane-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/paperclip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/password-generator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-break-apart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-clip-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-combine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-difference.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-division.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-effect-parameter-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-exclusion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-inset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-mask-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-mode-bezier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-mode-bspline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-mode-polyline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-mode-spiro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-offset-dynamic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-offset-linked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-outset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-tweak-attract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-tweak-grow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-tweak-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-tweak-repel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-tweak-roughen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-tweak-shrink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/path-union.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/perspective-parallel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/pgp-keys.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/pipe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/pixelart-trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player-volume.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/playlist-automatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/playlist-generator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/playlist-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/playlist-similar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/plugins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/preferences-activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/preferences-system-windows-effect-glide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/preferences-system-windows-effect-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/process-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/project-development-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/project-development-new-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/query-free-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/quickopen-class.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/quickopen-function.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/quickopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/raindrop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rating-unrated.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rating.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rectangle-make-corners-sharp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/redeyes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/remove-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/replay-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/replay-record-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/replay-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/replay-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/reply-all-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/reply-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/resizecol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/resizerow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/resource-calendar-child.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/resource-calendar-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/resource-group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/restoration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/retweet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rime-disable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/roll.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/run-build-clean.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/run-build-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/run-build-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/run-build-install-root.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/run-build-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/run-build-prune.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/run-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/seahorse-sign-bad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/seahorse-sign-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/seahorse-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/selection-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/selection-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/semi-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/send-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/shapes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/sharpenimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/show-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/show-guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/show-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/show-node-handles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/show-path-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/sidebar-collapse-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/sidebar-collapse-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/sidebar-expand-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/sidebar-expand-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-extension.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-guideline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-nodes-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-nodes-cusp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-nodes-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-nodes-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-nodes-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-orthogonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap-text-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/sort-name.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/spray-mode-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/spray-mode-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/spray-mode-union.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/standard-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_bell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_xfburn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stroke-cap-butt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stroke-cap-round.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stroke-cap-square.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stroke-join-bevel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stroke-join-miter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stroke-join-round.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stroke-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/svn-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/svn-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/swap-panels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/symbol-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/symbol-bigger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/symbol-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/symbol-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/symbol-smaller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/system-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/system-software-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/system-upgrade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tab-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tab-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tab-new-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tab-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tag-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tag-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tag-recents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/task-due.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/task-past-due.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/taxes-finances.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-convert-to-regular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-field.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-flow-into-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-frame-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-frame-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-orientation-auto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-orientation-sideways.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-orientation-upright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-put-on-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-remove-from-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-unflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-unkern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-wiki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-wrap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text_horz_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text_letter_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text_line_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text_outer_style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text_remove_kerns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text_rotation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text_vert_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text_word_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/texture.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tool-measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tool-node-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tool-spray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tool-tweak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tool_color_eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tools-check-spelling.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tools-media-optical-burn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tools-media-optical-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tools-media-optical-erase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tools-media-optical-format.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tools-report-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tools-rip-video-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/torrents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-affect-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-affect-pattern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-affect-rounded-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-affect-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-browse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-crop-and-resize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-shear-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-shear-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-shear-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-shear-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/trim-margins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/trim-to-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/twitter-dm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/twitter-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/twitter-mentions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/udiskie-detach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/udiskie-mount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/udiskie-unmount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/user-identity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/user_purple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/username-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-bank-account-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-bank-account-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-bank-account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-bank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-barcode-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-barcode-qr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-barcode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-birthday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-holiday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-month.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-timeline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-week.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-workweek.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-year.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-certificate-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-certificate-export-secret.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-certificate-export-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-certificate-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-certificate-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-certificate-server-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-certificate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-continuous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-coverflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-currency-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-dual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-filter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-asset-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-asset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-cash-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-cash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-checking-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-credit-card-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-credit-card.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-investment-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-investment-security-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-investment-security.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-investment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-liability-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-liability.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-loan-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-loan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-reopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-savings-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-budget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-category-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-category-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-category-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-category-expense.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-category-income.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-transfer-reconcile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-transfer-reconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-financial-transfer-unreconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-form-action.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-form.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-institution-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-institution-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-institution-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-institution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-left-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-list-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-list-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-list-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-list-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-list-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-list-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-media-equalizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-media-genre.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-media-lyrics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-media-playcount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-media-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-more-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-multiple-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-object-histogram-linear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-paged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pages-continuous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pages-facing-first-centered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pages-facing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pages-overview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pages-single.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pim-contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pim-news.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pim-summary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-readermode-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-readermode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-restore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-right-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-sidetree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-sort-ascending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-sort-descending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-sort.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-split-top-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-statistics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-task-child.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-user-offline-kopete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/virtual-desktops.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-snapshot-autoprotect-keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-snapshot-autoprotect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-snapshot-current.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-snapshot-recording.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-snapshot-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-snapshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-snapshots-manage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-tools-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm_clone_wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-component-download-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-component-downloading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-component.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-datacenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-error-emblem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-replay-speed-fast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-replay-speed-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-vcd-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-vcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/whitebalance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/widget-alternatives.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-close-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-keep-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-keep-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-maximize-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-maximize-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-maximize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-minimize-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-pin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-pop-out-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-restore-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-restore-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-restore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-shade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-unpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window-unshade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xc_crosshair.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xfce-wm-maximize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xfce-wm-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xfce-wm-shade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xfce-wm-stick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xfce-wm-unshade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xfce-wm-unstick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/y-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zone-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zone-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-1-to-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-2-to-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-fit-best.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-fit-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-fit-height.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-fit-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-fit-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-fit-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-in-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-out-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-out-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/boundingbox_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/boundingbox_bottom_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/boundingbox_bottom_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/boundingbox_center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/boundingbox_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/boundingbox_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/boundingbox_top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/boundingbox_top_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/boundingbox_top_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/color-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/color-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/connector-avoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/connector-ignore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/dialog-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/dialog-text-and-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/dialog-xml-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/distribute-graph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/distribute-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/document-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/document-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/document-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/document-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/document-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/document-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-booleans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-calligraphic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-cuboid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-ellipse-arc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-ellipse-chord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-ellipse-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-ellipse-whole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-ellipse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-freehand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-geometry-angle-bisector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-geometry-circle-from-radius.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-geometry-circle-from-three-points.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-geometry-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-geometry-line-parallel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-geometry-line-perpendicular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-geometry-line-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-geometry-mirror.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-geometry-show-measuring-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-geometry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-polygon-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-spiral.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/draw-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/edit-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/edit-clone-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/edit-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/edit-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/edit-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/edit-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/edit-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/edit-redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/edit-select-all-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/edit-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/edit-select-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/edit-undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/flatten_simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/format-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/format-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/format-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/format-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/format-text-direction-r2l.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/format-text-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/grid-axonometric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/grid-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/gtk-preferences.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/interactive_simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/mesh-gradient-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/mesh-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/no-marker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/node-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/node-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/node-delete-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/node-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/node-join-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/node-join.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/node-segment-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/node-segment-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/node-transform.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/node-type-auto-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/node-type-cusp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/node-type-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/node-type-symmetric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-flip-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-flip-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-rotate-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-rotate-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-stroke-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-tweak-attract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-tweak-blur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-tweak-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-tweak-jitter-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-tweak-paint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-tweak-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-tweak-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-tweak-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-tweak-shrink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-ungroup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/object-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/pack-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/pack-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/paint-solid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/paint-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-clip-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-difference.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-effect-parameter-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-mask-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-mode-bezier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-mode-bspline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-mode-polyline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-mode-spiro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-tweak-attract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-tweak-grow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-tweak-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-tweak-repel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-tweak-roughen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/path-tweak-shrink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/rectangle-make-corners-sharp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/selection-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/selection-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/selection-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/selection-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/show-node-handles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/show-path-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-bounding-box-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-nodes-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-nodes-cusp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-nodes-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-nodes-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-nodes-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap-text-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/spray-mode-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/spray-mode-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/spray-mode-union.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/stroke-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/symbol-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/symbol-bigger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/symbol-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/symbol-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/symbol-smaller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/text-orientation-auto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/text-orientation-sideways.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/text-orientation-upright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/text_horz_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/text_letter_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/text_line_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/text_outer_style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/text_rotation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/text_subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/text_superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/text_vert_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/text_word_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/tool-measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/tool-node-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/tool-pointer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/tool-spray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/tool-tweak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/zoom-double-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/zoom-fit-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/zoom-fit-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/zoom-fit-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/zoom-fit-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/zoom-half-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/zoom-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/zoom-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/zoom-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-reopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-types-asset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-types-cash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-types-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-types-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-types-credit-card.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-types-expense.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-types-income.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-types-investments.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-types-liability.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-types-loan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-types-reconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-types-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-update-online-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account-update-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/action-unavailable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/address-book-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/adjustcurves.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/adjusthsl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/adjustlevels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/adjustrgb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-horizontal-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-horizontal-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-horizontal-left-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-horizontal-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-horizontal-right-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-horizontal-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-horizontal-top-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-vertical-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-vertical-top-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/align-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/amarok_cart_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/amarok_cart_remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/amarok_cart_view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/antivignetting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/application-exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/application-rss+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/appointment-missed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/appointment-soon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/arrow-down-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/arrow-up-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/atmosphere.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/audio-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/audio-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/audio-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/audio-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/auto-type.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/autocorrection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/automated-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/backup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bitmap-trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/blurfx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bookmark-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bookmark-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bordertool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/budget-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/budget-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/budget-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/budget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bwtonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/calendar-go-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/call-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/call-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/categories.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/category-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/category-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/channelmixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/chronometer-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/chronometer-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cloud-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cloud-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_extractfiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_flatview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_markinvert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_markminus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_markplus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_runterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/code-block.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/code-class.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/code-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/code-function.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/code-typedef.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/code-variable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/color-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/color-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/color-management.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/color-picker-black.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/color-picker-grey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/color-picker-white.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/color-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/colorfx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/colorneg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/colors-chromablue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/colors-chromagreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/colors-chromared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/compass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/configure-toolbars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/contact-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/contrast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/coordinate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/crosshairs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/curve-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dashboard-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/database-change-key.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/database-index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/debug-run-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/debug-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/debug-step-instruction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/debug-step-into.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/debug-step-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/debug-step-over.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/delete-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/depth16to8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/depth8to16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-input-devices.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-messages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-password.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-path-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-text-and-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-tile-clones.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-xml-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-graph-directed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-graph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-unclump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-vertical-equal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-vertical-margin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-vertical-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-vertical-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-edit-decrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-edit-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-edit-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-new-from-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-open-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-page-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-revert-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-save-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-swap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/documentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/double-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-bezier-curves.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-booleans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-brush.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-calligraphic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-circle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-cross.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-cuboid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-donut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-geometry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-halfcircle1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-halfcircle2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-halfcircle3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-halfcircle4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-polyline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-spiral.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-triangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-watercolor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/earthquake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-bomb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-clear-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-clear-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-clear-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-clone-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-find-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-image-face-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-image-face-recognize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-opacity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-paste-in-place.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-paste-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-select-all-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-select-invert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-select-lasso.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-select-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-select-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-select-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-table-cell-merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-table-cell-split.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-table-delete-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-table-delete-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-text-frame-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-undo-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/embosstool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/entry-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/entry-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/escape-direction-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/escape-direction-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/escape-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/escape-direction-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/escape-direction-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/escape-direction-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/escape-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/exchange-positions-zorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/exchange-positions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/favorite-genres-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-anthy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-cangjie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-chewing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-chn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-erbi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-hangul.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-kbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-kkc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-pinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-punc-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-remind-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-rime-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-rime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-sayura.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-shuangpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-skk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-unikey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-wubi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-ziranma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-and-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-divider.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-dot-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-initial-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-moodbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-slash-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-space-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-title-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-underscore-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fill-rule-even-odd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fill-rule-nonzero.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filmgrain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/find-location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fitbest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fitheight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fitsize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fitwidth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/flag-black.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/flag-blue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/flag-green.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/flag-red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/flag-yellow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/focus-legacy-systray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/focus-top-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/focus-windows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/folder-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/folder-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/folder-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/folder-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/folder-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/font-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/footsteps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/forecast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fork.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-add-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-align-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-break-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-connect-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-convert-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-currency.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-font-size-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-font-size-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-indent-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-indent-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-insert-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-join-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-line-spacing-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-line-spacing-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-line-spacing-triple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-list-unordered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-node-corner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-node-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-node-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-node-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-node-symmetric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-number-percent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-precision-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-precision-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-remove-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-segment-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-segment-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-blockquote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-bold.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-capitalize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-direction-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-direction-r2l.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-direction-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-italic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-larger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-lowercase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-remove-formatting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-smaller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-strikethrough.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-symbol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-underline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-uppercase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/games-achievements.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/games-config-board.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/games-config-tiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/games-difficult.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/games-hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/giggle-branch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-first.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-jump-declaration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-jump-definition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-jump-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-jump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-last.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-next-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-next-use.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-parent-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-previous-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-previous-use.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/grid-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/group-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/group-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-convert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-select-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/help-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/help-contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hide-categories.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hide-reconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/homerun.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hotpixels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/icon_console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/icon_radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-ban-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-facebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-gadugadu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-google-talk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-google.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-groupwise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-icq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-identi.ca.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-invisible-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-irc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-jabber.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-kick-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-msn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-qq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-skype.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-twitter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-user-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-user-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-user-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-user-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-yahoo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-youtube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/image-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/image-denoise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/image-filter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/image-red-eye.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/image-sharpen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/image-straighten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-button.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-emoticon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-endnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-footnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-math-expression.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-more-mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-object.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-page-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-text-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/institution-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/institution-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/institution-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/institution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/investment-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/investment-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/investment-update-online-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/investment-update-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/investment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/irc-channel-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/irc-remove-operator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/journal-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-align-hor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-align-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-align-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-align-vert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-composite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-hide-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-object-height.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-object-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-select-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-select-rects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-select-texts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-select-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-show-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-show-markers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-show-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-slide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-slip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-split-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/key-enter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kmouth-phrase-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kr_combine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kr_comparedirs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kr_diskusage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kr_unselect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_cbound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_clines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_cnames.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_deepsky.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_ekos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_fitsviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_hgrid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_horizon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_indi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_mw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_satellites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_solarsystem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kstars_supernovae.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-add-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-magnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-remove-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-speed-limits.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-stop-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-upnp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-TeX-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-axis-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-shift-down-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-shift-left-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-shift-right-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-shift-up-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-xy-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/layer-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/layer-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/layer-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/layer-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/layer-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/layer-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/layer-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/layer-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/layer-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/layer-visible-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/layer-visible-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/ledger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/lensautofix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/lensdistortion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/license.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/lighttable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/lines-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/list-add-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/list-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/list-remove-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/list-remove-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/list-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/love-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-attachment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-encrypted-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-invitation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-mark-junk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-mark-notjunk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-mark-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-mark-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-message-new-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-open-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-send-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-signed-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-tagged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-thread-ignored.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-thread-watch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-unread-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/manga.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/map-flat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/map-globe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/map-gnomonic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/map-mercator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mark-location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-album-track.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-playback-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-playback-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-playback-playing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-playback-start-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-playback-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-playback-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-playback-stopped.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-playlist-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-playlist-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-playlist-repeat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-playlist-shuffle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-random-albums-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-repeat-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-seek-backward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-seek-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-skip-backward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-skip-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-track-queue-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-view-subtitles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/meeting-participant-no-response.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/meeting-participant-request-response.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mesh-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/network-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/network-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/network-server-vmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/new-24h-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/news-unsubscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-flip-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-flip-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-rotate-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-rotate-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-rows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-straighten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-ungroup-pop-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-ungroup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-area-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-area-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-area.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-line-forecast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-line-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-line-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-pie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-polar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-ring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-scatter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-chart-tall-pie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/office-report.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/online-banking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/osd-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/osd-rotate-ccw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/osd-rotate-cw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/osd-rotate-flip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/osd-rotate-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/osd-sbs-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/osd-sbs-sright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/osd-shutd-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/osd-shutd-screen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/output_win.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/overflow-menu-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/overflow-menu-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/overflow-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/page-2sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/page-3sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/page-4sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/page-simple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/paint-gradient-conical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/paint-gradient-linear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/paint-gradient-mesh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/paint-gradient-radial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/paint-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/paint-pattern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/paint-solid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/paint-swatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/paint-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/pan-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/pan-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/pan-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/pan-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/pane-hide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/pane-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/paperclip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/password-generator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-break-apart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-clip-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-combine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-difference.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-division.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-effect-parameter-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-exclusion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-inset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-mask-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-offset-dynamic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-offset-linked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-outset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/path-union.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/payee-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/pgp-keys.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/pipe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/pixelart-trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player-volume.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/playlist-automatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/playlist-generator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/playlist-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/playlist-similar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/plugins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/preferences-activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/preferences-system-windows-effect-glide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/preferences-system-windows-effect-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/preview-add-zone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/preview-remove-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/preview-remove-zone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/preview-render-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/preview-render-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/process-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/project-development-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/project-development-new-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/query-free-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/quickopen-class.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/quickopen-function.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/quickopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/raindrop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rating-unrated.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rating.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/reconcile-finish.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/reconcile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/redeyes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/remove-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/replay-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/replay-record-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/replay-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/replay-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/reply-all-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/reply-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/resizecol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/resizerow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/resource-calendar-child.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/resource-calendar-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/resource-group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/restoration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/retweet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rime-disable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/roll.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/run-build-clean.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/run-build-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/run-build-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/run-build-install-root.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/run-build-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/run-build-prune.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/run-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/seahorse-sign-bad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/seahorse-sign-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/seahorse-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/selection-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/selection-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/semi-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/send-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/shapes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/sharpenimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/show-guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/show-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/show-node-handles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/show-path-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/sidebar-collapse-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/sidebar-collapse-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/sidebar-expand-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/sidebar-expand-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/snap-extension.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/snap-guideline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/snap-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/snap-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/snap-orthogonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/snap-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/sort-name.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/standard-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_bell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_xfburn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stroke-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/svn-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/svn-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/swap-panels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/system-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/system-upgrade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tab-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tab-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tab-new-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tab-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tag-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tag-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tag-recents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/task-due.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/task-past-due.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/taxes-finances.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-convert-to-regular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-field.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-flow-into-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-frame-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-frame-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-orientation-auto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-orientation-sideways.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-orientation-upright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-put-on-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-remove-from-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-unflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-unkern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-wiki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-wrap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text_horz_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text_letter_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text_line_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text_remove_kerns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text_rotation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text_vert_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text_word_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/texture.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/timeline-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/timeline-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/timeline-lift.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/timeline-overwrite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/timeline-use-zone-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/timeline-use-zone-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tool-measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tool-node-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tool-spray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tool-tweak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tool_color_eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tools-check-spelling.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tools-media-optical-burn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tools-media-optical-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tools-media-optical-erase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tools-media-optical-format.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tools-report-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tools-rip-video-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/torrents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transaction-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transaction-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transaction-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transaction-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transaction-report.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transform-browse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transform-crop-and-resize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transform-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transform-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transform-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transform-shear-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transform-shear-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transform-shear-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transform-shear-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/twitter-dm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/twitter-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/twitter-mentions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/udiskie-detach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/udiskie-mount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/udiskie-unmount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/user-identity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/username-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-bank-account-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-bank-account-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-bank-account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-bank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-barcode-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-barcode-qr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-barcode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-birthday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-holiday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-month.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-timeline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-week.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-workweek.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-year.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-certificate-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-certificate-export-secret.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-certificate-export-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-certificate-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-certificate-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-certificate-server-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-certificate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-continuous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-coverflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-currency-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-dual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-filter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-asset-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-asset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-cash-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-cash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-checking-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-credit-card-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-credit-card.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment-security-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment-security.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-liability-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-liability.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-loan-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-loan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-reopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-savings-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-budget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-category-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-category-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-category-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-category-expense.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-category-income.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-transfer-reconcile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-transfer-reconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-financial-transfer-unreconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-form-action.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-form.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-institution-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-institution-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-institution-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-institution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-left-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-list-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-list-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-list-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-list-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-list-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-list-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-media-equalizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-media-genre.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-media-lyrics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-media-playcount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-media-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-more-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-multiple-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-object-histogram-linear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-paged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pages-continuous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pages-facing-first-centered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pages-facing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pages-overview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pages-single.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pim-contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pim-news.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pim-summary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-readermode-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-readermode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-restore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-right-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-sidetree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-sort-ascending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-sort-descending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-sort.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-split-top-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-statistics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-task-child.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-user-offline-kopete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/virtual-desktops.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-snapshot-autoprotect-keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-snapshot-autoprotect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-snapshot-current.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-snapshot-recording.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-snapshot-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-snapshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-snapshots-manage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-tools-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm_clone_wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-component-download-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-component-downloading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-component.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-datacenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-error-emblem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-replay-speed-fast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-replay-speed-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-vcd-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-vcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/whitebalance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/widget-alternatives.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-keep-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-keep-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-maximize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-pin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-restore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-shade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-unpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window-unshade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/xc_crosshair.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/y-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zone-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zone-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-1-to-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-2-to-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-fit-best.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-fit-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-fit-height.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-fit-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-fit-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-fit-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-in-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-out-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-out-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/action-unavailable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/address-book-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/adjustcurves.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/adjusthsl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/adjustlevels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/adjustrgb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-horizontal-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-horizontal-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-horizontal-left-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-horizontal-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-horizontal-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-horizontal-right-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-horizontal-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-horizontal-top-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-on-canvas.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-sel-as-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-vertical-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-vertical-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-vertical-top-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/align-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/amarok_cart_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/amarok_cart_remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/amarok_cart_view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/antivignetting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/application-exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/application-rss+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/appointment-missed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/appointment-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/appointment-soon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/appointment-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/arrow-down-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/arrow-up-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/atmosphere.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/audio-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/audio-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/audio-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/audio-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/auto-type.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/autocorrection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/automated-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bitmap-trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/blurfx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bookmark-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bookmark-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bordertool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bwtonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/calendar-go-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/call-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/call-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/channelmixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/chronometer-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/chronometer-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cloud-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cloud-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_extractfiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_flatview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_markinvert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_markminus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_markplus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_runterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_viewhistoryprev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/code-block.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/code-class.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/code-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/code-function.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/code-typedef.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/code-variable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/color-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/color-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/color-management.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/color-picker-black.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/color-picker-grey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/color-picker-white.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/color-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/colorfx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/colorneg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/colors-chromablue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/colors-chromagreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/colors-chromared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/compass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/configure-toolbars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/connector-avoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/connector-ignore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/connector-orthogonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/contact-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/contrast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/coordinate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/crosshairs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/curve-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dashboard-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/database-change-key.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/database-index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/debug-run-cursor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/debug-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/debug-step-instruction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/debug-step-into.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/debug-step-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/debug-step-over.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/delete-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/depth16to8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/depth8to16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-fill-and-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-geometry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-input-devices.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-messages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-password.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-path-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-rows-and-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-text-and-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-tile-clones.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-xml-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-graph-directed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-graph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-horizontal-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-unclump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-vertical-equal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-vertical-margin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-vertical-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-vertical-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-vertical-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-edit-decrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-edit-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-edit-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-export-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-export-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-import-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-import-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-new-from-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-open-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-page-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-revert-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-save-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-swap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/documentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/double-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-bezier-curves.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-booleans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-brush.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-calligraphic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-circle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-cross.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-cuboid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-donut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-ellipse-arc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-ellipse-chord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-ellipse-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-ellipse-whole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-geometry-angle-bisector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-geometry-circle-from-radius.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-geometry-circle-from-three-points.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-geometry-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-geometry-line-parallel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-geometry-line-perpendicular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-geometry-line-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-geometry-mirror.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-geometry-set-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-geometry-show-measuring-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-geometry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-halfcircle1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-halfcircle2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-halfcircle3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-halfcircle4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-polyline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-spiral.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-trace-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-triangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-use-pressure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-use-tilt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-watercolor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/earthquake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-bomb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-clear-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-clear-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-clear-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-clear-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-clone-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-find-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-find-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-image-face-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-image-face-recognize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-opacity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-paste-in-place.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-paste-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-select-all-layers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-select-invert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-select-lasso.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-select-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-select-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-select-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-table-cell-merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-table-cell-split.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-table-delete-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-table-delete-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-text-frame-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-undo-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/embosstool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/entry-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/entry-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/escape-direction-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/escape-direction-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/escape-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/escape-direction-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/escape-direction-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/escape-direction-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/escape-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/exchange-positions-zorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/exchange-positions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/favorite-genres-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-anthy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-cangjie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-chewing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-chn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-chttrans-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-chttrans-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-erbi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-fullwidth-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-fullwidth-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-handwriting-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-handwriting-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-hangul.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-kbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-kkc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-pinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-punc-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-punc-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-remind-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-remind-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-rime-deploy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-rime-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-rime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-sayura.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-shuangpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-skk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-unikey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-vk-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-wubi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-ziranma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-and-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-divider.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-dot-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-initial-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-moodbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-slash-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-space-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-title-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-underscore-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filmgrain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/find-location-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/find-location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fitbest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fitheight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fitsize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fitwidth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/flag-black.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/flag-blue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/flag-green.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/flag-red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/flag-yellow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/flatten_simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/focus-legacy-systray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/focus-top-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/focus-windows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/folder-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/folder-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/folder-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/folder-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/folder-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/font-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/footsteps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fork.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-add-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-align-vertical-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-break-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-connect-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-convert-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-currency.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-font-size-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-font-size-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-indent-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-indent-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-insert-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-join-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-line-spacing-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-line-spacing-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-line-spacing-triple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-list-unordered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-node-corner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-node-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-node-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-node-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-node-symmetric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-number-percent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-precision-less.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-precision-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-remove-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-segment-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-segment-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-blockquote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-bold.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-capitalize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-direction-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-direction-r2l.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-direction-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-direction-vertical-lr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-direction-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-italic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-larger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-lowercase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-remove-formatting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-smaller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-strikethrough.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-symbol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-underline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-uppercase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/games-achievements.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/games-config-board.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/games-config-tiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/games-difficult.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/games-hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/giggle-branch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-bottom-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-down-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-first-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-first.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-home-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-jump-declaration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-jump-definition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-jump-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-jump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-last-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-last.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-next-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-next-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-next-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-next-use.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-parent-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-previous-context.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-previous-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-previous-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-previous-use.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-top-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-up-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/grid-axonometric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/grid-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/group-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/group-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-convert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-select-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/help-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/help-contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/homerun.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hotpixels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/icon_console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/icon_radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-ban-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-facebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-gadugadu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-google-talk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-google.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-groupwise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-icq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-identi.ca.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-invisible-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-irc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-jabber.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-kick-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-msn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-qq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-skype.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-twitter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-user-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-user-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-user-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-user-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-yahoo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-youtube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/image-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/image-denoise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/image-filter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/image-red-eye.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/image-sharpen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/image-straighten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-button.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-emoticon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-endnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-footnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-math-expression.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-more-mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-object.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-page-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-text-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/interactive_simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/irc-channel-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/irc-remove-operator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/journal-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-align-hor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-align-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-align-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-align-vert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-composite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-hide-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-object-height.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-object-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-select-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-select-rects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-select-texts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-select-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-show-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-show-markers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-show-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-slide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-slip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-split-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/key-enter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kmouth-phrase-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kr_combine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kr_comparedirs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kr_diskusage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kr_unselect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_cbound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_clines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_cnames.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_deepsky.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_ekos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_fitsviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_hgrid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_horizon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_indi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_mw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_satellites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_solarsystem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kstars_supernovae.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-add-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-magnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-remove-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-speed-limits.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-stop-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-upnp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-TeX-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-axis-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-shift-down-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-shift-left-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-shift-right-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-shift-up-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-xy-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/layer-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/layer-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/layer-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/layer-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/layer-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/layer-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/layer-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/layer-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/layer-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/layer-visible-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/layer-visible-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/lensautofix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/lensdistortion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/license.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/lighttable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/lines-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/list-add-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/list-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/list-remove-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/list-remove-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/list-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/love-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-attachment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-encrypted-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-invitation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-mark-junk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-mark-notjunk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-mark-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-mark-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-message-new-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-open-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-send-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-signed-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-tagged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-thread-ignored.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-thread-watch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-unread-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/manga.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/map-flat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/map-globe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/map-gnomonic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/map-mercator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mark-location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-album-track.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playback-pause-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playback-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playback-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playback-playing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playback-start-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playback-start-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playback-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playback-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playback-stopped.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playlist-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playlist-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playlist-repeat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playlist-shuffle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-random-albums-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-repeat-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-seek-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-seek-backward-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-seek-backward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-seek-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-seek-forward-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-seek-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-skip-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-skip-backward-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-skip-backward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-skip-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-skip-forward-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-skip-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-track-queue-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-view-subtitles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/meeting-participant-no-response.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/meeting-participant-request-response.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mesh-gradient-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mesh-gradient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/network-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/network-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/network-server-vmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/new-24h-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/news-unsubscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/node-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/node-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/node-delete-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/node-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/node-join-segment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/node-join.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/node-segment-curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/node-segment-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/node-transform.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/node-type-auto-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/node-type-cusp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/node-type-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/node-type-symmetric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-flip-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-flip-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-rotate-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-rotate-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-rows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-straighten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-stroke.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-tweak-attract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-tweak-blur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-tweak-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-tweak-jitter-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-tweak-paint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-tweak-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-tweak-randomize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-tweak-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-tweak-shrink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-ungroup-pop-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-ungroup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-area-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-area-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-area.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-line-forecast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-line-percentage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-line-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-line.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-pie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-polar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-ring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-chart-scatter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/office-report.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/open-menu-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/osd-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/osd-rotate-ccw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/osd-rotate-cw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/osd-rotate-flip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/osd-rotate-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/osd-sbs-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/osd-sbs-sright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/osd-shutd-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/osd-shutd-screen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/output_win.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/overflow-menu-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/overflow-menu-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/overflow-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/page-2sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/page-3sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/page-4sides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/page-simple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/paint-order-fms.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/paint-order-fsm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/paint-order-mfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/paint-order-msf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/paint-order-sfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/paint-order-smf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/paint-solid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/paint-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pan-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pan-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pan-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pan-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pane-hide-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pane-hide-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pane-hide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pane-show-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pane-show-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pane-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/paperclip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/password-generator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-break-apart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-clip-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-combine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-difference.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-division.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-effect-parameter-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-exclusion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-inset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-mask-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-mode-bezier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-mode-bspline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-mode-polyline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-mode-spiro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-offset-dynamic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-offset-linked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-outset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-simplify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-tweak-attract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-tweak-grow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-tweak-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-tweak-repel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-tweak-roughen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-tweak-shrink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/path-union.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/perspective-parallel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pgp-keys.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pipe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pixelart-trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player-volume.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/playlist-automatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/playlist-generator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/playlist-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/playlist-similar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/plugins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/preferences-activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/preferences-system-windows-effect-glide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/preferences-system-windows-effect-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/process-stop-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/process-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/project-development-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/project-development-new-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/query-free-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/quickopen-class.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/quickopen-function.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/quickopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/raindrop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rating-unrated.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rating.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rectangle-make-corners-sharp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/redeyes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/remove-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/replay-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/replay-record-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/replay-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/replay-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/reply-all-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/reply-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/resizecol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/resizerow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/resource-calendar-child.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/resource-calendar-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/resource-group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/restoration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/retweet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/reverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rime-disable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/roll.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/run-build-clean.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/run-build-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/run-build-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/run-build-install-root.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/run-build-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/run-build-prune.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/run-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/seahorse-sign-bad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/seahorse-sign-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/seahorse-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/selection-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/selection-move-to-layer-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/selection-move-to-layer-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/selection-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/semi-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/send-to-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/send-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/shapes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/sharpenimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/show-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/show-guides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/show-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/show-node-handles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/show-path-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/sidebar-collapse-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/sidebar-collapse-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/sidebar-expand-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/sidebar-expand-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-bounding-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-extension.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-guideline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-nodes-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-nodes-cusp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-nodes-intersection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-nodes-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-nodes-smooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-orthogonal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap-text-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/sort-name.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/spray-mode-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/spray-mode-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/spray-mode-union.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/standard-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_bell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_xfburn-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_xfburn-blank-cdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_xfburn-new-data-composition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_xfburn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stroke-cap-butt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stroke-cap-round.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stroke-cap-square.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stroke-join-bevel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stroke-join-miter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stroke-join-round.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stroke-to-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/svn-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/svn-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/swap-panels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/symbol-bigger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/system-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/system-upgrade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tab-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tab-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tab-new-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tab-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tag-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tag-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tag-recents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/task-due.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/task-past-due.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/taxes-finances.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-convert-to-regular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-field.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-flow-into-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-frame-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-frame-unlink.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-orientation-auto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-orientation-sideways.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-orientation-upright.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-put-on-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-remove-from-path.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-unflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-unkern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-wiki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-wrap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text_horz_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text_letter_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text_line_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text_outer_style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text_remove_kerns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text_rotation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text_vert_kern.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text_word_spacing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/texture.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tool-measure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tool-node-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tool-spray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tool-tweak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tool_color_eraser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tools-check-spelling.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tools-media-optical-burn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tools-media-optical-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tools-media-optical-erase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tools-media-optical-format.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tools-report-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tools-rip-video-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/torrents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-browse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-crop-and-resize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-move-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-move-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-scale-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-scale-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-shear-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-shear-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-shear-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-shear-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-skew-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-skew-vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/twitter-dm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/twitter-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/twitter-mentions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/udiskie-detach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/udiskie-mount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/udiskie-unmount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/user-identity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/username-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vertical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-bank-account-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-bank-account-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-bank-account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-bank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-barcode-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-barcode-qr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-barcode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-birthday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-holiday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-month.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-timeline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-week.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-workweek.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-year.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-certificate-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-certificate-export-secret.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-certificate-export-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-certificate-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-certificate-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-certificate-server-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-certificate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-continuous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-coverflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-currency-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-dual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-filter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-asset-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-asset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-cash-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-cash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-checking-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-credit-card-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-credit-card.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-investment-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-investment-security-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-investment-security.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-investment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-liability-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-liability.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-loan-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-loan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-reopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-savings-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account-savings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-budget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-category-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-category-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-category-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-category-expense.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-category-income.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-transfer-reconcile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-transfer-reconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-financial-transfer-unreconciled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-form-action.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-form.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-institution-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-institution-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-institution-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-institution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-left-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-list-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-list-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-list-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-list-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-list-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-list-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-media-equalizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-media-genre.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-media-lyrics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-media-playcount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-media-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-media-subtitles-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-more-horizontal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-multiple-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-object-histogram-linear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-paged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pages-continuous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pages-facing-first-centered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pages-facing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pages-overview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pages-single.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pim-contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pim-news.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pim-summary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-readermode-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-readermode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-refresh-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-restore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-right-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-sidetree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-sort-ascending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-sort-descending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-sort.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-split-top-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-statistics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-task-child.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-user-offline-kopete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/virtual-desktops.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-snapshot-autoprotect-keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-snapshot-autoprotect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-snapshot-current.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-snapshot-recording.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-snapshot-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-snapshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-snapshots-manage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-tools-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm_clone_wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-component-download-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-component-downloading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-component.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-datacenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-error-emblem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-replay-speed-fast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-replay-speed-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-vcd-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-vcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/whitebalance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/widget-alternatives.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-close-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-keep-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-keep-below.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-maximize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-pin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-restore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-shade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-unpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window-unshade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/xc_crosshair.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/xfpm-brightness-lcd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/y-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zone-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zone-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-1-to-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-2-to-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-fit-best.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-fit-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-fit-height.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-fit-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-fit-selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-fit-width.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-in-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-out-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-out-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/index.theme     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/1password-panel-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/1password-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/5g.svg    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/QMPlay2-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ac-adapter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/account-logged-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/acestream-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/airplane-mode-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/airplane-mode-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/airplane-mode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/akonaditray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/alarm-clock-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/alarm-clock-triggered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/albert-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/amd-alto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/amd-bajo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/amd-medio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/anatine-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/anatine-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/android-messages-desktop-tray-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/android-messages-desktop-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ao-app-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/application-running.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/applications-all-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/applications-email-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audacious-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-recorder-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-recorder-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-recorder-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-headphones-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-muted-headphones-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/autokey-status-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/autokey-status.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/avatar-default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/barrier-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/barrier-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/barrier-transfering.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-000-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-010-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-010.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-020-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-030-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-030.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-040-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-050-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-050.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-060-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-070-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-070.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-080-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-090-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-090.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-100-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-ac-adapter-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-caution-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-caution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-empty-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-full-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-good-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-missing-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-profile-performance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-profile-powersave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bauh-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bauh-update-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bitcoin-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bitwarden-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bluemail-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bluetooth-active-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bluetooth-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bluetooth-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bluetooth-paired-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bluetooth-paired.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bomi-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/brave-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/brightness-high-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/brightness-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/brightness-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bumblebee-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cadence-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/caffeine-cup-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/caffeine-cup-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/calibre-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/camera-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/camera-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/camera-ready.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cantata-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/caps-lock-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/caps-lock-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cisco-tray-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cisco-tray-disconnecting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cisco-tray-notconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cisco-tray-quarantined.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cisco-tray-reconnecting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/classicmenu-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/clementine-panel-grey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/clementine-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/clickup-desktop-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/clipboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/clockify-blue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/clockify-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cloudstatus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/com.leinardi.gwe-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/copyq-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/copyq-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/corectrl-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cpod-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/crow-translate-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cryptfolder-closed-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cryptfolder-open-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cryptkeeper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/de.haeckerfelix.gradio-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/deadbeef-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/deltachat-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/deluge-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/desktopdisconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/desktoptrusted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/devhub-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/devhub-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dialog-information-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dialog-password-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dino-status-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dino-status-chat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dino-status-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dino-status-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/discord-tray-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/discord-tray-deafened.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/discord-tray-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/discord-tray-speaking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/discord-tray-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/discord-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/disk-quota-critical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/disk-quota-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/disk-quota-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/disper-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/display-brightness-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dnfdragora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/drive-harddisk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/drive-removable-media-pendrive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/drive-removable-media-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/drive-removable-media-usb-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dropboxstatus-blank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dropboxstatus-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dropboxstatus-busy2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dropboxstatus-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dropboxstatus-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dropboxstatus-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/electron-mail-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/element-desktop-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/enpass-status.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/eu.scarpetta.QtWAW-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/everpad-mono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/exaile-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/exaile-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/face-smile-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-anthy-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-cangjie-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-chewing-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-erbi-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-googlepinyin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-hangul-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-kkc-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-mozc-alpha-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-mozc-alpha-half.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-mozc-dictionary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-mozc-direct.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-mozc-hiragana.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-mozc-katakana-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-mozc-katakana-half.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-mozc-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-mozc-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-pinyin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-rime-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-sayura-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-shuangpin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-skk-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-sunpinyin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-unikey-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-wubi-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-ziranma-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/feedindicator-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/feedindicator-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ferdium-indirect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ferdium-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ferdium-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/firewall-applet-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/firewall-applet-panic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/firewall-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/flameshot-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/flareget-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fluxgui-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/franz-attention-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/franz-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/freezer-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fusion-icon-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gammastep-status-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gammastep-status-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gdlauncher-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gitify-tray-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gitify-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gitlab-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gitter-indicator-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gitter-indicator-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gitter-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gmail-tray-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gmail-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gnome-pie-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/goldendict-scan-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/goldendict-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/google-chat-badge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/google-chat-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/google-chat-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/google-chrome-no-notification-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/google-chrome-notification-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/google-chrome-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/google-chrome-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/google-music-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/google-tasks-indicator-light-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/google-tasks-indicator-light-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd-invalid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-brightness-kbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd-invalid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-hibernate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-inhibit-invalid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-inhibit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-monitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpmdp-tray-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpmdp-tray-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpmdp-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/grive-app-ind-con-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/grive-app-ind-con-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/grive-app-ind-con-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/grive-app-ind-sleep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/grive-app-ind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gtg-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/guake-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/guitarix-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/haguichi-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/haguichi-connecting-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/haguichi-connecting-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/haguichi-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/hangouts-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/hangouts-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/hangouts-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/hangouts-working.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/harmony-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/heroic-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/hexchat-highlight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/hexchat-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/hipchat4-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/hipchat4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/hp-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-cpufreq-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-cpufreq-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-cpufreq-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-cpufreq-75.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-cpufreq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-feedindicator-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-feedindicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-fortune.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Am.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Av.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-By.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Dv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Dz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ee.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-He.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ik.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-In.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-It.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Km.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Md.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-My.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ne.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-No.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Or.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Vi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Wo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Xs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Yo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-lunar-satelite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-lunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-messages-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-messages-red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-notification-read-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-notification-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-notification-unread-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-notification-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-privacy-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-sensors-battery.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-sensors-case.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-sensors-chip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-sensors-cpu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-sensors-disk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-sensors-fan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-sensors-gpu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-sensors-memory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-sound-switcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-stardate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-trashindicator-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-trashindicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-virtual-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-workspaces-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-workspaces-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-workspaces-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-workspaces-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-workspaces-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-workspaces-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-workspaces-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-workspaces-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/input-keyboard-virtual-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/input-keyboard-virtual-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/input-touchpad-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/input-touchpad-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/insync-alert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/insync-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/insync-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/insync-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/insync-synced.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/insync-syncing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/internxt-drive-issues.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/internxt-drive-standby.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/internxt-drive-syncing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/irc-channel-joined.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/irc-channel-parted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/irccloud-desktop-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/jamesdsp-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/jdownloader-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/joplin-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/kaku-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/kazam-countdown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/kazam-stopped.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keepassx-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keepassx-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keepassxc-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keepassxc-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keybase-badged-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keybase-badged-uploading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keybase-badged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keybase-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keybase-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keybase-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keybase-uploading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keyboard-battery-caution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keyboard-battery-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keyboard-battery-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keyboard-battery-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keyboard-battery-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keyboard-battery-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/klipper-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-monitor-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-monitor-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-monitor-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-monitor-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-monitor-transmit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/konv_message.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/konversation-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/kotatogram-attention-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/kotatogram-mute-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/kotatogram-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/krb-expiring-ticket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/krb-no-valid-ticket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/krb-valid-ticket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/krudiotray-light-off24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/krudiotray-light-on24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ktorrent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/kuro-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ladi-started.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ladi-starting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ladi-stopped.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/laptopattention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/laptopconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/laptopdisconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/laptoptrusted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/liferea-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/liferea-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/listen.moe-desktop-app-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/livewallpaper-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/lookit-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/lutris-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/lyricfier-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mailspring-tray-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mailspring-tray-full-newitems.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mailspring-tray-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/manjaro-settings-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mattermost-mention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mattermost-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mattermost-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/megaalert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/megalogging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/megapaused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/megasynching.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/megauptodate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/megawarning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mellowplayer-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/messenger-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/messenger-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mic-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mic-ready.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mic-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mic-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mic-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/minetime-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mini-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mintupdate-checking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mintupdate-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mintupdate-installing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mintupdate-up-to-date.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mintupdate-updates-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mnotify-none-wireframe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mnotify-some-wireframe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mntray-news.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mntray-regular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/moderndeck-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/morgen-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/motrix-tray-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/motrix-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mouse-battery-caution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mouse-battery-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mouse-battery-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mouse-battery-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mouse-battery-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mouse-battery-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mstdn-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mullvad-tray-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mullvad-tray-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mullvad-tray-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mullvad-tray-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mullvad-tray-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mullvad-tray-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mullvad-tray-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mullvad-tray-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mullvad-tray-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/multimedia-player-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mumble-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/museeks-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/museeq-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/museeq-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mynotes-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-3g.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-4g.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-acquiring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-cdma-1x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-edge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-evdo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-gprs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-hspa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-no-route.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-excellent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-good-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-none-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-ok-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-secure-signal-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-excellent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-umts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-transmit-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-transmit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-vpn-acquiring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-vpn-lock-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-vpn-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-vpn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-acquiring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-no-route.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-acquiring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-hotspot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-no-route.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-excellent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-secure-signal-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-excellent-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-excellent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-good-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-ok-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-weak-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/new-messages-red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/night-light-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/night-light-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nitroshare-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nixnote2-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-mb-roam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-tech-3g.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-tech-4g.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-tech-cdma-1x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-tech-edge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-tech-evdo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-tech-gprs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-tech-hspa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-tech-umts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-vpn-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-vpn-standalone-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-wwan-tower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nomachine-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nomachine-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notes-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-new-10-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-new-20-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-new-30-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-new-40-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-new-50-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-new-60-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-new-70-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-new-80-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-new-90-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-new-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nozbe-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/num-lock-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/num-lock-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nutstore-offline-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nutstore-oops-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nutstore-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nutstore-paused-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nutstore-synchronized-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nutstore-synchronizing-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/obs-tray-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/obs-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/octopi-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/octopi-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/octopi-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/onboard-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/openbazaar-system-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/opensnitch-tray-alert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/opensnitch-tray-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/opensnitch-tray-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/opensnitch-tray-red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/opensnitch-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/optimus-tray-intel-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/optimus-tray-nvidia-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.kde.neochat.tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.nicotine_plus.Nicotine-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.nicotine_plus.Nicotine-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.nicotine_plus.Nicotine-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.nicotine_plus.Nicotine-msg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.rnd2.cpupower_gui-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare-syncing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pcloud-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pcloud-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pcloud-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pcloud-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pcloud-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/persepolis-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/phone-battery-caution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/phone-battery-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/phone-battery-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/phone-battery-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/phone-battery-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/phone-battery-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pia_tray_connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pia_tray_connecting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pia_tray_disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pithos-tray-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/plasmavault-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/plasmavault_error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pocket-casts-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoneapp-break.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoneapp-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoneapp-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoneapp-started.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-00.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-01.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-02.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-03.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-04.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-05.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-06.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-07.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-08.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-09.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-21.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-23.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-26.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-27.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-28.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-29.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-30.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-31.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-33.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-34.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-35.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-36.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-37.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-38.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-39.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-40.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-41.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-42.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-43.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-44.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-45.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-46.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-47.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-49.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-51.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-52.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-53.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-54.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-55.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-56.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-57.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-58.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-59.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-60.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-indicator-light-61.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-start-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pomodoro-stop-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/popcorntime-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pragha-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/preferences-desktop-accessibility-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/preferences-desktop-display-randr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/preferences-system-power-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/premid-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/prime-hybrid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/prime-intel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/prime-nvidia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/printer-printing-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/process-syncing-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/process-syncing-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/process-syncing-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/process-syncing-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/process-syncing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/process-working-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/protonmail-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/protonmail-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/protonvpn-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/protonvpngui-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/protonvpngui-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/protonvpngui-no-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/psensor_hot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/psensor_normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pushbullet-indicator-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pushbullet-indicator-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pushbullet-indicator-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync0-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync1-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync2-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pushbullet-indicator-sync3-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qalculate-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qbittorrent-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qelectrotech-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qjoypad-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qnapi-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qomp-pause-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qomp-play-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qomp-stop-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qtox-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qtox-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qtox-event.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qtox-invisible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qtox-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qtox-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qtpass-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/quota.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/radiotray_connecting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/radiotray_off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/radiotray_on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rambox-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rambox-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rambox-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rare-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rclonetray-connected-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rclonetray-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/redshift-status-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/redshift-status-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rememberthemilk-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rememberthemilk-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rememberthemilk-unseen-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/remmina-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/remote-folder-sync-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/remote-folder-sync-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/remote-folder-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rescuetime-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rescuetime-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rhythmbox-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rhythmbox-playing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/riot-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rocketchat-tray-alert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rocketchat-tray-dot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rocketchat-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rto-proxy-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/safeeyes_disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/safeeyes_enabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/scc-dead.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/scc-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/scc-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/screencloud-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/screencloud-uploading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/scroll-lock-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/scroll-lock-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/seafile-status-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/seafile-status-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/seafile-status-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/seafile-status-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/seafile-status-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/seafile-status-syncing-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/seafile-status-syncing-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/security-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/security-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/security-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/sendanywhere-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/session-desktop-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/shutter-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-unread-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/simplescreenrecorder-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/simplescreenrecorder-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/simplescreenrecorder-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/simplescreenrecorder-recording.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/sirikali-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-away-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-connected-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-connecting-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-connecting-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-disturb-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-disturb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-hidden-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-offline-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/slack-indicator-highlight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/slack-indicator-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/slack-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/smartcode-stremio-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/smartphoneattention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/smartphoneconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/smartphonedisconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/smartphonetrusted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/smplayer-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/solaar-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/solaar-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/spotify-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/start-here-kde-plasma-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/start-here-lxqt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/start-here.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/state-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/state-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/state-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/state-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/state-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/state-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/state-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/state-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/steadyflow-alert-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/steadyflow-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/steam_tray_mono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/strawberry-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/superproductivity-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/synapse-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/synergy-panel-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/synergy-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/syspeek-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/syspeek-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/syspeek-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/syspeek-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/syspeek-30.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/syspeek-40.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/syspeek-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/syspeek-60.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/syspeek-70.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/syspeek-80.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/syspeek-90.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/system-devices-panel-alert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/system-devices-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/system-file-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/system-restart-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tabletattention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tabletconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tabletdisconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tablettrusted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tartube-check-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tartube-download-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tartube-info-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tartube-refresh-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tartube-tidy-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tartube-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tartube-update-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teams-for-linux-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teams-tray-activity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teams-tray-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teams-tray-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teams-tray-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teams-tray-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teams-tray-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teams-tray-noactivity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teams-tray-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teamviewer-indicator-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teamviewer-indicator-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teamviewer-indicator-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teamviewer-indicator-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teamviewer-indicator-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teamviewer-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/telegram-attention-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/telegram-mute-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/telegram-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/thunderbird-attention-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/thunderbird-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ticktick-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/timekpr-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/todoist-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tomahawk-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/toolbox-tray-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/transmission-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/trimage-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tusk-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tutanota-desktop-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tvconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tvdisconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tvtrusted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tweet-tray-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/twitch-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/uget-tray-default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/uget-tray-downloading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/uget-tray-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ulauncher-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/update-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/update-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/update-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/update-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-invisible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-status-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-status-pending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/utools-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/variety-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/veracrypt-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/viber-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/viber-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/virt-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/vivaldi-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/vk-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/vlc-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/vorta-tray-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/vorta-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/wallet-closed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/wallet-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-wind-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-wind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clouds-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clouds-wind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clouds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-fog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-freezing-rain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-none-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-overcast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-severe-alert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-showers-scattered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-showers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-snow-rain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-snow-scattered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-snow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-storm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-windy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/webtorrent-desktop-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/wechat-tray-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/wechat-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/whatsapp-msg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/whatsapp-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/whatsapp-warning-msg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/whatsapp-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/whatsie-tray-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/whatsie-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/wire-tray-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/wire-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/wiznote-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/workrave-indicator-quiet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/workrave-indicator-suspended.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/workrave-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/x-tile-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-urgent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-whiskermenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-brightness-lcd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yaradio-yamusic-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yate-tray-incomingcall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yate-tray-incomingchat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yate-tray-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yate-tray-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yate-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yd-busy1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yd-ind-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yd-ind-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yd-ind-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/youtube-music-desktop-app-tray-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/youtube-music-desktop-app-tray-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/youtube-music-desktop-app-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/youtube-music-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/zeal-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/zim-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/index.theme     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/folder_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-dav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/inode-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/insync-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/library-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/network-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/network_fs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/stock_folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/stock_inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/stock_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/stock_outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/stock_sent-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/user-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/user-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/user-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/user-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/user-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/user-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Light/index.theme    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/index.theme    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/folder_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-dav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/inode-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/insync-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/library-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/network-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/network_fs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/stock_folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/stock_inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/stock_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/stock_outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/stock_sent-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/user-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/user-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/user-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/user-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/user-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/user-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Light/index.theme   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/index.theme      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/folder_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-dav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/inode-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/insync-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/library-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/network-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/network_fs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/stock_folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/stock_inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/stock_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/stock_outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/stock_sent-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/user-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/user-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/user-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/user-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/user-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/user-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Light/index.theme     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/index.theme    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/folder_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-dav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/inode-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/insync-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/library-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/network-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/network_fs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/stock_folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/stock_inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/stock_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/stock_outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/stock_sent-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/user-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/user-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/user-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/user-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/user-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/user-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Light/index.theme   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/index.theme       kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/folder_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-dav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/inode-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/insync-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/library-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/network-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/network_fs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/stock_folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/stock_inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/stock_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/stock_outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/stock_sent-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/user-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/user-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/user-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/user-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/user-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/user-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Light/index.theme      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/index.theme     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/folder_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-dav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/inode-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/insync-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/library-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/network-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/network_fs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/stock_folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/stock_inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/stock_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/stock_outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/stock_sent-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/user-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/user-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/user-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/user-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/user-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/user-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Light/index.theme    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/index.theme      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/folder_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-dav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/inode-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/insync-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/library-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/network-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/network_fs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/stock_folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/stock_inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/stock_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/stock_outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/stock_sent-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/user-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/user-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/user-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/user-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/user-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/user-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Light/index.theme     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-panel-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/index.theme    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-android.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-cloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-downloads.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-drag-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-github.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-private.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-public.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-publicshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-virtualbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder_download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/folder_temp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-dav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ftp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-smb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-ssh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gtk-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/inode-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/insync-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/library-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/mail-folder-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/network-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/network_fs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/stock_folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/stock_inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/stock_open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/stock_outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/stock_sent-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/user-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/user-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/user-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/user-images.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/user-pictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/user-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Light/index.theme   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/desktop-base/128x128/emblems/emblem-kali.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/desktop-base/256x256/emblems/emblem-kali.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/desktop-base/64x64/emblems/emblem-kali.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/desktop-base/scalable/emblems/emblem-kali.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/emblems/emblem-kali.icon kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/128x128/emblems/emblem-kali.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/emblems/emblem-kali.icon kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/16x16/emblems/emblem-kali.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/22x22/emblems/emblem-kali.icon kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/22x22/emblems/emblem-kali.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/emblems/emblem-kali.icon kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/256x256/emblems/emblem-kali.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/emblems/emblem-kali.icon kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/32x32/emblems/emblem-kali.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/36x36/emblems/emblem-kali.icon kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/36x36/emblems/emblem-kali.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/emblems/emblem-kali.icon kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/48x48/emblems/emblem-kali.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/emblems/emblem-kali.icon kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/64x64/emblems/emblem-kali.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/emblem-kali.icon kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/emblem-kali.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/kali-themes/default-browser                 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/kali-themes/xfce4-panel-genmon-vpnip.sh     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/kali-themes/xfce4-screenshooter             kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/kali-logo-container.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/kali-logo-container_small.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/kali-logo-fade.png     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/kali-logo-fade_small.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/kali-logo.png          kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/kali-logo_small.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/kali.plymouth          kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/kali.script            kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/outline.png            kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/outline_small.png      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/password-dot.png       kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/password-dot_small.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/password-field.png     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/plymouth/themes/kali/password-field_small.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-today-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/close-window-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/close-window-hover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/close-window.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/gnome-shell.css kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/bullet-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/bullet-symbolic.symbolic.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/bullet@2-symbolic.symbolic.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/check-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/check-symbolic.symbolic.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/check@2-symbolic.symbolic.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-black.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-black@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-white.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-white@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/dash-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/dash-symbolic.symbolic.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/dash@2-symbolic.symbolic.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/titlebutton.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/titlebutton@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/gtk.css            kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-4.0/gtk.css            kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/index.theme                kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-active.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/close-active.png     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/close-inactive.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/close-prelight.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/close-pressed.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/hide-active.png      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/left-active.png      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/left-inactive.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-active.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/menu-active.png      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/right-active.png     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/right-inactive.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/shade-active.png     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/stick-active.png     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/themerc              kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-1-active.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-2-active.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-3-active.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-4-active.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-5-active.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/top-left-active.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/top-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/themerc       kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gnome-shell/gnome-shell.css kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-3.0/gtk.css           kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-4.0/gtk-dark.css      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-4.0/gtk.css           kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/index.theme               kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/bottom-active.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/close-active.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/close-inactive.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/close-prelight.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/close-pressed.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/hide-active.png     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/left-active.png     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/left-inactive.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/maximize-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/menu-active.png     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/right-active.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/right-inactive.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/shade-active.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/stick-active.png    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/themerc             kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-1-active.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-2-active.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-3-active.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-4-active.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-5-active.png  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/top-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/top-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/themerc      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/bullet-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/bullet-symbolic.symbolic.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/bullet@2-symbolic.symbolic.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/check-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/check-symbolic.symbolic.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/check@2-symbolic.symbolic.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-black.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-black@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-white.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-white@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/dash-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/dash-symbolic.symbolic.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/dash@2-symbolic.symbolic.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover-dark.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover-dark@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/titlebutton.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/titlebutton@2.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/gtk.css     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-4.0/gtk.css     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/index.theme         kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/close-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/close-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/close-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/close-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/hide-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/menu-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/shade-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/stick-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/themerc       kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-1-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-2-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-3-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-4-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-5-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/top-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/top-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/themerc kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-3.0/gtk.css    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-4.0/gtk-dark.css kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-4.0/gtk.css    kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/index.theme        kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/bottom-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/close-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/close-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/close-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/close-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/hide-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/maximize-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/menu-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/shade-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/stick-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/themerc      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-1-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-2-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-3-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-4-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-5-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/top-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/top-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/themerc kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-active.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xfce4-panel-profiles/layouts/Kali compact.tar.bz2 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/xfce4-panel-profiles/layouts/Kali.tar.bz2   kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita+Flat-Remix-Blue/apps/scalable kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita+Flat-Remix-Blue/categories/scalable kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita+Flat-Remix-Blue/devices/scalable kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita+Flat-Remix-Blue/emblems/scalable kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita+Flat-Remix-Blue/mimetypes/scalable kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita+Flat-Remix-Blue/places/scalable kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita+Flat-Remix-Blue/status/scalable/16 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita+Flat-Remix-Blue/status/scalable/32 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Adwaita+Flat-Remix-Blue/status/scalable/512 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/Finished.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/Info-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/SuggestionError.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/SuggestionTM.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/action-rss_tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/add-files-to-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/add-folder-to-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/add-placemark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/add-subtitle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/addressbook-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/adress-book-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/akonadi-phone-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/akonadiconsole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/albumfolder-importdir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/albumfolder-importimages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/albumfolder-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/albumfolder-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/albumfolder-user-trash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/amarok_artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/amarok_change_language.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/amarok_clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/amarok_lyrics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/amarok_playcount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/amarok_playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/amarok_scripts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/application-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/appointment-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/archive-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/archive-insert-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/archive-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/archive-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/arrow-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/arrow-left-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/arrow-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/arrow-right-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/arrow-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/arrow-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/blueman-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/blueman-send-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/blueman-trust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/blueman-untrust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/blurimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bonobo-component-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bookmark-add-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bookmark-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bookmark-new-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bookmark-toolbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bookmark_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bookmarks-organize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bookmarks_list_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bqm-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bqm-addqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bqm-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bqm-diff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bqm-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bqm-rmqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/bqm-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/brightnesssettings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/browser-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/burst.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/button_cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/button_ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cab_extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cab_view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cell_edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/character-set.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/check-filled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/checkbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/checkmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/chronometer-lap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/chronometer-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/chronometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/clear_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/clock-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_briefview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_columnsview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_multirename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_options.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_packfiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_syncdirs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_thumbnailsview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cm_viewhistorynext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/collapse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/collection-rescan-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/colormanagement.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/colors-luma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/composite-track-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/configuration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/configure-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/configure_shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/configure_toolbars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/contexthelp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cookies.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/copy-coordinates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/currenttrack_pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/currenttrack_play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cursor-arrow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cvc-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cvc-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cvc-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cvc-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/cvc-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/database-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/debug-step-into-instruction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/device.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-icon-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-memory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-object-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-ok-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-scripts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-selectors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-transform.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dialog-yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dirsync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-cleanup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-decrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-edit-verify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-export-ocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-export-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-import-ocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-open-data.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-open-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-preview-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-print-direct.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-print-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/document-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/documentinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/download-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/download-later.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-arrow-back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-arrow-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-arrow-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-arrow-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-ellipse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-freehand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-polygon-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-triangle1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-triangle2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-triangle3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/draw-triangle4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/dynamic-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-clear-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-delete-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-delete-shred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-entry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-find-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-find-project.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-find-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-image-face-detect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-image-face-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-map.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edit-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/editclear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/editcopy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/editcut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/editdelete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/editimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/editpaste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edittext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/edittrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/emptytrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/enterprise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/entry-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/entry-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/equalizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/exifinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/expand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/extract-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/favicon-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/favorite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-bopomofo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-vk-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-wbpy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fcitx-zhuyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/featured-vm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/feed-subscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/file-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/file-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filefind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-album-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-bpm-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-comment-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-composer-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-dash-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-filetype-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-genre-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-group-length.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-group-tracks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-ignore-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-last-played.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-sample-rate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filename-year-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filenew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fileopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fileprint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filequickprint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filesave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/filesaveas.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fileview-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fill-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fitmanual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fm-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fm-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fm-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fm-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/fm-thumbs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/folder-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/folder_color_picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/folder_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/followmouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-align-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-border-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-disconnect-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-fill-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-list-ordered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-stroke-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-code.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/format-text-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/games-config-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/games-config-custom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/games-config-options.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/games-config-theme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/games-endturn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/games-highscores.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/games-solve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/geany-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/geany-close-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/geany-save-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/get-hot-new-stuff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/giggle-diff-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/giggle-history-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/giggle-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/giggle-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/globe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gnome-app-install-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gnome-lockscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gnome-searchtool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gnumeric-link-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-down-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-first-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-first-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-home-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-jump-locationbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-jump-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-last-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-last-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-next-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-next-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-previous-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-previous-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/go-up-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gohome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gpg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gpgsm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-note-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-tag-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-tags-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-tags-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-task-dismiss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-task-done.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-task-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-task-undismiss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-task-undone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtg-work.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-authentication.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-bold.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-cdrom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-execute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-find-and-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-floppy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-go-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-go-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-goto-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-goto-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-indent-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-indent-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-italic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-media-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-preferences.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-select-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-spell-check.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/gtk-zoom-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hb-activity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hb-add-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hb-complete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hb-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hb-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hb-picture.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hb-presets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hb-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hb-showqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hb-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hb-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hb-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/help-contents-vmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/help-contextual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/help-donate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/help-feedback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/help-hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/help-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/help-whatsthis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hidemouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/history_entry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/hook-notifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/icon_details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/icon_tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/identity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-aim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-ban-kick-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-local-xmpp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/im-nov.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/image-adjust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/image-auto-adjust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/image-loading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/image-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/imagecomment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/indicator-notification-close-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-horizontal-rule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-table-of-contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/insert-tableofcontents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/internet-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/internet-services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/invertimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/irc-channel-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/irc-close-channel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/irc-join-channel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/irc-operator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/irc-unvoice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/irc-voice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/items-tags.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-copy-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-open-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-question.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-resize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-utils.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/itmages-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-add-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-align-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-align-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-deleffect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-zone-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdenlive-zone-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kdocumentinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/key_enter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kfm_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kmouth-phrase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kmouth-phrasebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/knotes_alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/knotes_date.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/knotes_delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kontes_close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kr_jumpback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kr_mountman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kr_setjumpback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-add-feeds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-change-tracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-check-data.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-chunks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-info-widget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-plugins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-queue-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-remove-feeds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-restore-defaults.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-show-statusbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-start-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/kt-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/ktnef_extract_to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/label-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-transform-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/languages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/layer-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/lens.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/libpeas-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/lighttableadd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/list-add-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/list-resource-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/locationbar_erase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/loved_radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/lpi-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/lpi-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/lpi-translate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-deleted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-encrypted-part.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-flagged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-folder-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-folder-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-forwarded-replied.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-forwarded.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-mark-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-mark-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-mark-unread-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-message.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-replied.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-reply-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-reply-custom-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-reply-custom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-reply-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-reply-sender.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-signature-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-signed-fully.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-signed-part.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-signed-verified.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-signed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-unread-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail_forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail_generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail_reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/mail_replyall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-album-cover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-import-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-playlist-repeat-song.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-repeat-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-repeat-single.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-rewind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-track-add-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-track-edit-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/media-track-remove-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/meeting-attending-tentative.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/meeting-attending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/meld-version-control.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/menu_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/menu_new_sep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/message-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/messagebox_warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/milestone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/music-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/nemo-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/new-audio-alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/news-subscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/no-marker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/nocover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/noisereduction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/non-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-group-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-inverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-order-back-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-order-back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-order-front-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-order-front.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-order-lower-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-order-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-order-raise-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-order-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-ungroup-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/object-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/off-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/oilpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/on-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/open-for-editing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/open-magnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/open-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/overexposure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/page-zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/password-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/password-show-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/password-show-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/pdf-annotations.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/photo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/photos-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/pin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player-time.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player_eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player_end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player_fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player_pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player_play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player_playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player_record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player_rew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player_start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/player_stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/playlist-sort.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/podcast-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/podcast-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/poedit-fuzzy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/poedit-status-automatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/poedit-status-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/poedit-status-cat-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/poedit-status-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/poedit-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/poedit-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/poedit-validate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/polygon-add-nodes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/polygon-merge-nodes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/postalcode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/preferences-desktop-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/preferences-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/preferences-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/preferences-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/preflight-verifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/privatebrowsing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/project-development-close-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/project-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/project-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/quickopen-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/quickview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-branch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-changes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-compare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-diff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-drive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-switch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rabbitvcs-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/ratiocrop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/recently_used.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/redhat-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/region.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/reload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/reload3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/reload_all_tabs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/reload_page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/remove-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/resource-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rhythmbox-set-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rime-im.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/rime-latin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/routeplanning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/run-clean.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/run-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/search-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/select-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/selection-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/selection-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/selection-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/selection-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/settings-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/shape-choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/shear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/shoot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/show-all-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/show-dialogs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/show-grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/show-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/show-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/show-sidebar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/show-thumbnail-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/sidebar-collapse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/sidebar-expand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/sidebar-places.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/sidebar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/similarartists-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/slideshow-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/smallclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/social.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/sort-presence.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/spacefm-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/speaker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/speedometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/split.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/star-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/star-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/sticky_zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_add-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_calc-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_calc-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_check-filled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_contact-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_file-properites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_file-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_first.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_folder-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_folder-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_folder_properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_insert-note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_insert-rule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_insert-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_last.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_mail-compose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_mail-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_mail-reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_mail-send-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_mail-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_media-fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_media-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_media-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_media-prev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_media-rec.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_media-rew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_navigator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_new-address-book.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_new-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_new-bcard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_new-dir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_new-tab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_new-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_new-window.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_not.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_print-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_score-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_score-higher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_score-highest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_score-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_score-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_score-lowest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_score-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_select-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_select-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_shared-by-me.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_shared-to-me.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_show-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_task-assigned-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_task-assigned.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_task-recurring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_text-monospaced.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_timezone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_todo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_video-conferencing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_view-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_volume.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stock_zoom-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/story-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/straight-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/symbols.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/system-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tab-close-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tab-detach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tab_breakoff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tab_duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tab_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tab_new_bg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tab_remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tab_remove_other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tag-addressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tag-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tag-events.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tag-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tag-people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tag-places.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tag-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tag-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tap-create.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tap-extract-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tap-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/task-attempt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/task-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/task-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/terminator_horiz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/terminator_vert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text-speak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text_subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/text_superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tiny-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tiny-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/toggle_vp_y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/toggle_vp_z.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tool-animator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tool-pointer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tool_curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tool_elliptical_selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tool_polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/tools-wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transfers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/transform-scale.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/trash-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/twitter-profile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/udiskie-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/udiskie-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/udiskie-submenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/udiskie-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/underexposure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/upcomingevents-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/upindicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/upload-media.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/url-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/user-group-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/user-group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/user-group-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/user-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/usermenu-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/usermenu-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/usermenu-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/videoclip-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-agenda.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-time-spent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-catalog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-categories.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-certificate-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-file-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-list-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-maximized.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-media-album-cover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-media-artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-media-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-media-subtitles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-media-title.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-media-track.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-media-visualization.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pim-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pim-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pim-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pim-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-pim-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-process-all-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-process-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-process-own.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-process-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-process-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-process-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-resource-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-right-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-split-left-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-task-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-task-child-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-time-schedule-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-time-schedule-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-time-schedule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view_choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view_detailed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view_left_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view_multicolumn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view_text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view_top_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/view_tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/viewimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/viewmagfit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vinyl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/visibility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-create.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-power-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-power-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-restart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-suspend.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-tools-install-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vm_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-autoprotect-keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-checkpoint-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-checkpoint-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-manage-autostart-vms.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-marker-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-powered-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-ram-max-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-ram-max-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-ram-min-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-ram-min-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-ram-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-ram-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-replay-beginning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-replay-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-replay-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-suspended.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-view-appliance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-view-console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-view-unity-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/vmware-view-unity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/web-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window_fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/window_nofullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/x-clementine-album.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/x-clementine-artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/x-clementine-shuffle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/x-shape-connection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/x-shape-formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/x-shape-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/x-shape-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/x-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/x-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xfce-wm-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xfce-wm-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xfce-wm-unmaximize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xml-attribute-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xml-element-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xml-node-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xml-node-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/xml-text-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/y-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-best-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-center-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-double-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-half-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-in-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-in-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-select-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-select-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-select-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/16/zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/18/document-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/Finished.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/Info-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/SuggestionError.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/SuggestionTM.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/action-rss_tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/add-files-to-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/add-folder-to-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/add-placemark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/add-subtitle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/addressbook-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/adress-book-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/akonadi-phone-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/akonadiconsole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/albumfolder-importdir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/albumfolder-importimages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/albumfolder-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/albumfolder-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/albumfolder-user-trash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/amarok_artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/amarok_change_language.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/amarok_clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/amarok_lyrics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/amarok_playcount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/amarok_playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/amarok_scripts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/application-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/appointment-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/archive-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/archive-insert-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/archive-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/archive-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/arrow-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/arrow-left-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/arrow-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/arrow-right-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/arrow-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/arrow-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/blueman-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/blueman-send-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/blueman-trust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/blueman-untrust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/blurimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bonobo-component-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bookmark-add-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bookmark-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bookmark-new-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bookmark-toolbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bookmark_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bookmarks-organize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bookmarks_list_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bqm-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bqm-addqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bqm-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bqm-diff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bqm-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bqm-rmqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/bqm-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/browser-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/burst.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/button_cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/button_ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cab_extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cab_view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cell_edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/character-set.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/check-filled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/checkbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/checkmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/chronometer-lap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/chronometer-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/chronometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/clear_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/clock-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_briefview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_columnsview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_multirename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_options.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_packfiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_syncdirs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_thumbnailsview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cm_viewhistorynext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/collapse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/collection-rescan-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/colormanagement.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/colors-luma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/composite-track-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/configuration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/configure-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/configure_shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/configure_toolbars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/contexthelp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cookies.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/copy-coordinates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/currenttrack_pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/currenttrack_play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/cursor-arrow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/database-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/debug-step-into-instruction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/device.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-icon-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-memory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-object-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-ok-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-scripts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-selectors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-transform.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dialog-yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dirsync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-cleanup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-decrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-edit-verify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-export-ocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-export-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-import-ocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-open-data.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-open-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-preview-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-print-direct.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-print-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/document-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/documentinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/download-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/download-later.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-arrow-back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-arrow-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-arrow-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-arrow-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-ellipse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-freehand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-polygon-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-triangle1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-triangle2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-triangle3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/draw-triangle4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/dynamic-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-clear-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-delete-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-delete-shred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-entry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-find-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-find-project.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-find-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-image-face-detect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-image-face-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-map.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edit-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/editclear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/editcopy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/editcut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/editdelete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/editimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/editpaste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edittext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/edittrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/emptytrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/enterprise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/entry-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/entry-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/equalizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/exifinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/expand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/extract-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/favicon-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/favorite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-bopomofo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-vk-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-wbpy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fcitx-zhuyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/featured-vm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/feed-subscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/file-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/file-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filefind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-album-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-bpm-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-comment-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-composer-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-dash-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-filetype-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-genre-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-group-length.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-group-tracks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-ignore-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-last-played.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-sample-rate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filename-year-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filenew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fileopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fileprint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filequickprint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filesave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/filesaveas.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fileview-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fill-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fitmanual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fm-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fm-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fm-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fm-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/fm-thumbs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/folder-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/folder_color_picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/folder_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/followmouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-align-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-border-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-disconnect-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-fill-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-list-ordered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-stroke-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-code.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/format-text-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/games-config-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/games-config-custom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/games-config-options.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/games-config-theme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/games-endturn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/games-highscores.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/games-solve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/geany-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/geany-close-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/geany-save-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/get-hot-new-stuff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/giggle-diff-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/giggle-history-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/giggle-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/giggle-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/globe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gnome-app-install-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gnome-lockscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gnome-searchtool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-link-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-down-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-first-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-first-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-home-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-jump-locationbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-jump-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-last-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-last-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-next-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-next-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-previous-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-previous-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/go-up-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gohome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gpg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gpgsm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-note-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-tag-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-tags-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-tags-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-task-dismiss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-task-done.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-task-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-task-undismiss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-task-undone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtg-work.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-authentication.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-bold.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-cdrom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-execute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-find-and-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-floppy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-go-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-go-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-goto-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-goto-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-indent-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-indent-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-italic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-media-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-preferences.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-select-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-spell-check.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/gtk-zoom-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hb-activity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hb-add-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hb-complete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hb-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hb-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hb-picture.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hb-presets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hb-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hb-showqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hb-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hb-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hb-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/help-contents-vmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/help-contextual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/help-donate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/help-feedback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/help-hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/help-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/help-whatsthis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hidemouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/history_entry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/hook-notifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/icon_details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/identity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-aim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-ban-kick-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-local-xmpp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/im-nov.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/image-adjust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/image-auto-adjust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/image-loading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/image-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/imagecomment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-horizontal-rule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-table-of-contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/insert-tableofcontents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/internet-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/internet-services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/invertimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/irc-channel-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/irc-close-channel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/irc-join-channel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/irc-operator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/irc-unvoice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/irc-voice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/items-tags.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-copy-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-open-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-question.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-resize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-utils.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/itmages-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-add-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-deleffect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zone-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zone-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kdocumentinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/key_enter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kfm_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kmouth-phrase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kmouth-phrasebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/knotes_alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/knotes_date.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/knotes_delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kontes_close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kr_jumpback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kr_mountman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kr_setjumpback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-add-feeds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-change-tracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-check-data.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-chunks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-info-widget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-plugins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-queue-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-remove-feeds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-restore-defaults.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-show-statusbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-start-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/kt-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/ktnef_extract_to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/label-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-transform-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/languages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/layer-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/lens.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/libpeas-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/lighttableadd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/list-add-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/list-resource-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/locationbar_erase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/lpi-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/lpi-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/lpi-translate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-deleted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-encrypted-part.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-flagged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-folder-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-folder-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-forwarded-replied.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-forwarded.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-unread-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-message.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-replied.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-reply-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-reply-custom-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-reply-custom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-reply-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-reply-sender.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-signature-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-signed-fully.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-signed-part.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-signed-verified.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-signed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-unread-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail_forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail_generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail_reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/mail_replyall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-album-cover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-import-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-playlist-repeat-song.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-repeat-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-repeat-single.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-rewind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-track-add-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-track-edit-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/media-track-remove-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/meeting-attending-tentative.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/meeting-attending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/meld-version-control.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/menu_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/menu_new_sep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/message-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/messagebox_warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/milestone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/music-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/nemo-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/new-audio-alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/news-subscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/no-marker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/nocover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/noisereduction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/non-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-group-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-inverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-order-back-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-order-back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-order-front-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-order-front.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-order-lower-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-order-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-order-raise-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-order-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-ungroup-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/object-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/off-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/oilpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/on-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/open-for-editing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/open-magnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/open-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/overexposure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/page-zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/password-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/password-show-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/password-show-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/pdf-annotations.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/photo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/photos-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/pin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player-time.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player_eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player_end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player_fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player_pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player_play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player_playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player_record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player_rew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player_start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/player_stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/playlist-sort.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/podcast-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/podcast-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/poedit-fuzzy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/poedit-status-automatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/poedit-status-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/poedit-status-cat-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/poedit-status-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/poedit-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/poedit-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/poedit-validate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/polygon-add-nodes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/polygon-merge-nodes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/postalcode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/preferences-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/preferences-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/preflight-verifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/privatebrowsing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/project-development-close-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/project-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/project-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/quickopen-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/quickview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-branch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-changes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-compare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-diff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-drive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-switch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rabbitvcs-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/ratiocrop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/recently_used.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/redhat-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/region.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/reload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/reload3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/reload_all_tabs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/reload_page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/remove-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/resource-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rhythmbox-set-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rime-im.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/rime-latin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/routeplanning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/run-clean.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/run-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/search-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/select-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/selection-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/selection-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/selection-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/selection-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/settings-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/shape-choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/shear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/shoot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/show-all-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/show-dialogs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/show-grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/show-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/show-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/show-sidebar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/show-thumbnail-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/sidebar-collapse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/sidebar-expand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/sidebar-places.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/sidebar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/similarartists-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/slideshow-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/smallclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/social.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/sort-presence.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/spacefm-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/speaker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/speedometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/split.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/star-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/star-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/sticky_zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_add-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_calc-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_calc-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_check-filled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_contact-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_file-properites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_file-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_first.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_folder-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_folder-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_folder_properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_insert-note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_insert-rule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_insert-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_last.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_mail-compose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_mail-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_mail-reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_mail-send-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_mail-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_media-fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_media-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_media-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_media-prev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_media-rec.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_media-rew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_navigator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_new-address-book.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_new-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_new-bcard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_new-dir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_new-tab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_new-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_new-window.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_not.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_print-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_score-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_score-higher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_score-highest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_score-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_score-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_score-lowest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_score-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_select-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_select-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_shared-by-me.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_shared-to-me.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_show-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_task-assigned-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_task-assigned.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_task-recurring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_text-monospaced.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_timezone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_todo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_video-conferencing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_view-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_volume.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stock_zoom-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/story-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/straight-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/symbols.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/system-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tab-close-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tab-detach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tab_breakoff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tab_duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tab_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tab_new_bg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tab_remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tab_remove_other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tag-addressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tag-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tag-events.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tag-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tag-people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tag-places.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tag-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tag-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tap-create.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tap-extract-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tap-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/task-attempt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/task-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/task-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/terminator_horiz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/terminator_vert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text-speak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text_subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/text_superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tiny-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tiny-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tool-animator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tool-pointer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tool_curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tool_elliptical_selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tool_polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/tools-wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transfers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/transform-scale.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/trash-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/twitter-profile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/udiskie-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/udiskie-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/udiskie-submenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/udiskie-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/underexposure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/upcomingevents-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/upindicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/upload-media.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/url-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/user-group-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/user-group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/user-group-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/user-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/usermenu-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/usermenu-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/usermenu-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/videoclip-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-agenda.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-time-spent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-catalog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-categories.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-file-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-list-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-maximized.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-media-album-cover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-media-artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-media-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-media-subtitles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-media-title.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-media-track.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-media-visualization.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pim-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pim-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pim-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pim-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-pim-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-process-all-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-process-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-process-own.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-process-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-process-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-process-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-resource-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-right-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-split-left-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-task-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-task-child-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view_choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view_detailed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view_left_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view_multicolumn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view_text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view_top_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/view_tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/viewimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/viewmagfit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vinyl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/visibility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-create.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-power-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-power-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-restart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-suspend.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-tools-install-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vm_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-autoprotect-keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-checkpoint-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-checkpoint-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-manage-autostart-vms.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-marker-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-powered-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-ram-max-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-ram-max-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-ram-min-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-ram-min-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-ram-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-ram-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-replay-beginning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-replay-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-replay-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-suspended.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-view-appliance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-view-console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-view-unity-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/vmware-view-unity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/web-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window_fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/window_nofullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/x-clementine-album.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/x-clementine-artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/x-clementine-shuffle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/x-shape-connection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/x-shape-formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/x-shape-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/x-shape-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/x-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/x-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/xml-attribute-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/xml-element-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/xml-node-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/xml-node-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/xml-text-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/y-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-best-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-center-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-double-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-half-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-in-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-in-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-select-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-select-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-select-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/22/zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/Finished.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/Info-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/SuggestionError.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/SuggestionTM.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/action-rss_tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/add-files-to-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/add-folder-to-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/add-placemark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/add-subtitle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/addressbook-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/adress-book-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/akonadi-phone-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/akonadiconsole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/albumfolder-importdir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/albumfolder-importimages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/albumfolder-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/albumfolder-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/albumfolder-user-trash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/amarok_artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/amarok_change_language.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/amarok_clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/amarok_lyrics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/amarok_playcount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/amarok_playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/amarok_scripts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/application-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/appointment-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/archive-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/archive-insert-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/archive-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/archive-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/arrow-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/arrow-left-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/arrow-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/arrow-right-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/arrow-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/arrow-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/blueman-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/blueman-send-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/blueman-trust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/blueman-untrust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/blurimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bonobo-component-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bookmark-add-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bookmark-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bookmark-new-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bookmark-toolbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bookmark_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bookmarks-organize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bookmarks_list_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bqm-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bqm-addqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bqm-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bqm-diff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bqm-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bqm-rmqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/bqm-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/browser-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/burst.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/button_cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/button_ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cab_extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cab_view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cell_edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/character-set.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/check-filled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/checkbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/checkmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/chronometer-lap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/chronometer-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/chronometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/clear_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/clock-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_briefview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_columnsview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_multirename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_options.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_packfiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_syncdirs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_thumbnailsview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cm_viewhistorynext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/collapse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/collection-rescan-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/colormanagement.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/colors-luma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/composite-track-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/configuration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/configure-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/configure_shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/configure_toolbars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/contexthelp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cookies.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/copy-coordinates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/currenttrack_pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/currenttrack_play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/cursor-arrow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/database-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/debug-step-into-instruction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/device.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-icon-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-memory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-object-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-ok-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-scripts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-selectors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-transform.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dialog-yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dirsync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-cleanup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-decrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-edit-verify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-export-ocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-export-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-import-ocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-open-data.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-open-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-preview-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-print-direct.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-print-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/document-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/documentinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/download-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/download-later.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-arrow-back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-arrow-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-arrow-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-arrow-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-ellipse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-freehand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-polygon-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-triangle1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-triangle2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-triangle3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/draw-triangle4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/dynamic-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-clear-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-delete-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-delete-shred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-entry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-find-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-find-project.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-find-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-image-face-detect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-image-face-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-map.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edit-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/editclear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/editcopy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/editcut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/editdelete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/editimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/editpaste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edittext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/edittrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/emptytrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/enterprise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/entry-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/entry-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/equalizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/exifinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/expand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/extract-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/favicon-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/favorite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-bopomofo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-vk-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-wbpy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fcitx-zhuyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/featured-vm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/feed-subscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/file-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/file-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filefind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-album-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-bpm-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-comment-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-composer-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-dash-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-filetype-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-genre-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-group-length.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-group-tracks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-ignore-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-last-played.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-sample-rate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filename-year-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filenew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fileopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fileprint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filequickprint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filesave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/filesaveas.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fileview-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fill-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fitmanual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fm-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fm-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fm-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fm-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/fm-thumbs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/folder-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/folder_color_picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/folder_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/followmouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-align-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-border-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-disconnect-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-fill-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-list-ordered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-stroke-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-code.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/format-text-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/games-config-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/games-config-custom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/games-config-options.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/games-config-theme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/games-endturn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/games-highscores.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/games-solve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/geany-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/geany-close-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/geany-save-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/get-hot-new-stuff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/giggle-diff-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/giggle-history-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/giggle-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/giggle-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/globe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gnome-app-install-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gnome-lockscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gnome-searchtool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gnumeric-link-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-down-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-first-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-first-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-home-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-jump-locationbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-jump-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-last-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-last-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-next-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-next-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-next-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-previous-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-previous-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/go-up-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gohome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gpg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gpgsm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-note-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-tag-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-tags-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-tags-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-task-dismiss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-task-done.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-task-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-task-undismiss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-task-undone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtg-work.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-authentication.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-bold.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-cdrom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-execute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-find-and-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-floppy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-go-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-go-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-goto-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-goto-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-indent-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-indent-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-italic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-media-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-preferences.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-select-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-spell-check.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/gtk-zoom-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hb-activity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hb-add-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hb-complete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hb-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hb-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hb-picture.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hb-presets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hb-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hb-showqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hb-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hb-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hb-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/help-contents-vmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/help-contextual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/help-donate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/help-feedback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/help-hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/help-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/help-whatsthis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hidemouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/history_entry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/hook-notifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/icon_details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/identity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-aim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-ban-kick-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-local-xmpp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/im-nov.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/image-adjust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/image-auto-adjust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/image-loading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/image-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/imagecomment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-horizontal-rule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-table-of-contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/insert-tableofcontents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/internet-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/internet-services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/invertimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/irc-channel-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/irc-close-channel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/irc-join-channel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/irc-operator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/irc-unvoice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/irc-voice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/items-tags.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-copy-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-open-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-question.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-resize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-utils.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/itmages-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-add-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-align-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-align-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-deleffect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-zone-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdenlive-zone-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kdocumentinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/key_enter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kfm_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kmouth-phrase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kmouth-phrasebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/knotes_alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/knotes_date.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/knotes_delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kontes_close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kr_jumpback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kr_mountman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kr_setjumpback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-add-feeds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-change-tracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-check-data.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-chunks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-info-widget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-plugins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-queue-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-remove-feeds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-restore-defaults.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-show-statusbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-start-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/kt-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/ktnef_extract_to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/label-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-transform-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/languages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/layer-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/lens.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/libpeas-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/lighttableadd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/list-add-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/list-resource-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/locationbar_erase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/lpi-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/lpi-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/lpi-translate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-deleted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-encrypted-part.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-flagged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-folder-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-folder-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-forwarded-replied.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-forwarded.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-mark-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-mark-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-mark-unread-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-message.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-replied.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-reply-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-reply-custom-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-reply-custom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-reply-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-reply-sender.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-signature-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-signed-fully.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-signed-part.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-signed-verified.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-signed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-unread-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail_forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail_generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail_reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/mail_replyall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-album-cover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-import-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-playlist-repeat-song.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-repeat-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-repeat-single.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-rewind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-track-add-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-track-edit-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/media-track-remove-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/meeting-attending-tentative.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/meeting-attending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/meld-version-control.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/menu_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/menu_new_sep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/message-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/messagebox_warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/milestone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/music-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/nemo-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/new-audio-alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/news-subscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/no-marker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/nocover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/noisereduction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/non-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-group-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-inverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-order-back-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-order-back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-order-front-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-order-front.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-order-lower-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-order-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-order-raise-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-order-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-ungroup-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/object-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/off-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/oilpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/on-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/open-for-editing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/open-magnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/open-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/overexposure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/page-zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/password-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/password-show-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/password-show-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pdf-annotations.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/photo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/photos-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/pin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player-time.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player_eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player_end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player_fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player_pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player_play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player_playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player_record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player_rew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player_start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/player_stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/playlist-sort.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/podcast-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/podcast-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/poedit-fuzzy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/poedit-status-automatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/poedit-status-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/poedit-status-cat-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/poedit-status-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/poedit-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/poedit-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/poedit-validate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/polygon-add-nodes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/polygon-merge-nodes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/postalcode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/preferences-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/preferences-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/preflight-verifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/privatebrowsing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/project-development-close-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/project-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/project-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/quickopen-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/quickview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-branch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-changes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-compare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-diff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-drive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-switch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rabbitvcs-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/ratiocrop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/recently_used.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/redhat-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/region.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/reload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/reload3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/reload_all_tabs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/reload_page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/remove-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/resource-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rhythmbox-set-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rime-im.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/rime-latin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/routeplanning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/run-clean.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/run-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/search-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/select-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/selection-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/selection-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/selection-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/selection-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/settings-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/shape-choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/shear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/shoot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/show-all-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/show-dialogs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/show-grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/show-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/show-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/show-sidebar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/show-thumbnail-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/sidebar-collapse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/sidebar-expand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/sidebar-places.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/sidebar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/similarartists-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/slideshow-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/smallclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/social.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/sort-presence.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/spacefm-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/speaker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/speedometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/split.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/star-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/star-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/sticky_zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_add-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_calc-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_calc-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_check-filled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_contact-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_file-properites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_file-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_first.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_folder-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_folder-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_folder_properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_insert-note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_insert-rule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_insert-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_last.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_mail-compose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_mail-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_mail-reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_mail-send-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_mail-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_media-fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_media-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_media-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_media-prev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_media-rec.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_media-rew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_navigator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_new-address-book.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_new-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_new-bcard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_new-dir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_new-tab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_new-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_new-window.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_not.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_print-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_score-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_score-higher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_score-highest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_score-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_score-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_score-lowest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_score-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_select-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_select-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_shared-by-me.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_shared-to-me.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_show-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_task-assigned-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_task-assigned.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_task-recurring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_text-monospaced.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_timezone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_todo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_video-conferencing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_view-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_volume.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stock_zoom-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/story-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/straight-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/symbols.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/system-search-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/system-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tab-close-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tab-detach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tab_breakoff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tab_duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tab_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tab_new_bg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tab_remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tab_remove_other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tag-addressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tag-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tag-events.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tag-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tag-people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tag-places.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tag-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tag-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tap-create.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tap-extract-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tap-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/task-attempt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/task-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/task-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/terminator_horiz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/terminator_vert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text-speak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text_subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/text_superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tiny-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tiny-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/toggle_vp_y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/toggle_vp_z.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tool-animator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tool-pointer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tool_curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tool_elliptical_selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tool_polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/tools-wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transfers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/transform-scale.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/trash-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/twitter-profile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/udiskie-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/udiskie-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/udiskie-submenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/udiskie-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/underexposure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/upcomingevents-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/upindicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/upload-media.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/url-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/user-group-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/user-group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/user-group-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/user-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/usermenu-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/usermenu-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/usermenu-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/videoclip-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-agenda.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-time-spent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-catalog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-categories.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-certificate-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-file-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-list-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-maximized.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-media-album-cover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-media-artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-media-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-media-subtitles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-media-title.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-media-track.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-media-visualization.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pim-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pim-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pim-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pim-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-pim-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-process-all-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-process-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-process-own.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-process-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-process-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-process-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-resource-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-right-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-split-left-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-task-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-task-child-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-time-schedule-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-time-schedule-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-time-schedule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view_choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view_detailed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view_left_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view_multicolumn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view_text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view_top_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/view_tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/viewimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/viewmagfit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vinyl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/visibility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-create.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-power-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-power-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-restart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-suspend.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-tools-install-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vm_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-autoprotect-keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-checkpoint-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-checkpoint-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-manage-autostart-vms.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-marker-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-powered-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-ram-max-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-ram-max-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-ram-min-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-ram-min-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-ram-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-ram-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-replay-beginning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-replay-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-replay-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-suspended.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-view-appliance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-view-console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-view-unity-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/vmware-view-unity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/web-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window_fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/window_nofullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/x-clementine-album.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/x-clementine-artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/x-clementine-shuffle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/x-shape-connection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/x-shape-formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/x-shape-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/x-shape-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/x-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/x-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/xml-attribute-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/xml-element-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/xml-node-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/xml-node-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/xml-text-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/y-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-best-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-center-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-double-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-half-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-in-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-in-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-select-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-select-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-select-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/24/zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/detach-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-edit-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ephy-bookmark-tag-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/fcitx-kbd-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-first-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-first-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-jump-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-last-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-last-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-next-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-next-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-previous-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/help-about-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/location-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/lock-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-reply-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-reply-sender-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-reply-sender-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-spam-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/marker-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/new-window-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/pane-hide-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/pane-show-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/search-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/sidebar-show-right-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/sidebar-show-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/system-reboot-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/system-search-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tag-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/tool-crop-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-conceal-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-filter-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-left-pane-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-reveal-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/view-right-pane-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/window-maximize-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/window-restore-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xapp-go-history-next-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xapp-go-history-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xapp-prefs-behavior-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xfsm-hibernate-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xfsm-lock-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xfsm-logout-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xfsm-reboot-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xfsm-shutdown-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xfsm-suspend-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xfsm-switch-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/xfsm-switch-user-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-add-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-clear-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-edit-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-home-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-next-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-pause-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-play-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-previous-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-save-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-search-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-sort-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/actions/symbolic/ymuse-stop-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage02-connecting01.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage02-connecting02.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage02-connecting03.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage02-connecting04.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage02-connecting05.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage02-connecting06.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage02-connecting07.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage02-connecting08.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage02-connecting09.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage02-connecting10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage02-connecting11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage03-connecting01.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage03-connecting02.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage03-connecting03.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage03-connecting04.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage03-connecting05.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage03-connecting06.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage03-connecting07.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage03-connecting08.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage03-connecting09.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage03-connecting10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/animations/nm-stage03-connecting11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/10B4_steam.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/1CD8_rundll32.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/1E64_notepad.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/1cv8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/1cv8c.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/1password.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/2048-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/2048.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/2402_msiexec.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/2905_wscript.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/2EF4_wordpad.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/3dchess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/3floppy_unmount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/4137_winhlp32.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/5742_rundll32.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/5961_Defunct_x86.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/63EE_sublime_text.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/7596_iexplore.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/7765_winebrowser.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/7z.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/7zip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/8-ball-pool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/81F5_winebrowser.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/97C1_wordpad.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/A35F_hh.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Abricotine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Acetino2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/AdobeFlash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/AdobeReader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/AdobeReader10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/AdobeReader11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/AdobeReader12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/AdobeReader7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/AdobeReader8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/AdobeReader9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/AdvancedPhoto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/AirPortUtility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Alacritty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Amazon-www.amazon.ca.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Amazon-www.amazon.cn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Amazon-www.amazon.co.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Amazon-www.amazon.co.uk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Amazon-www.amazon.com.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Amazon-www.amazon.de.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Amazon-www.amazon.es.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Amazon-www.amazon.fr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Amazon-www.amazon.it.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Anatine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Appstore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Ardour-Ardour_4.0.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Ardour-Ardour_5.12.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Ardour-Ardour_6.0.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Ardour-Ardour_6.5.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Ardour-Ardour_8.0.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Ardour-icon_256px.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/BTM.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Babe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Blender.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/BurpSuiteCommunity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/CMakeSetup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Caprine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/D15F_hh.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/D23E_msiexec.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/D3EE_SwitchBoard.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/DBeaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/DeSmuME.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Dictionary.app.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Dictionary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/DictionaryReader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Dropbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ECB7_iexplore.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/EasyTAG_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Element.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Etermutilities-terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/FB4C_iexplore.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/FBReader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/FacebookMessenger-facebook.com.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/FoxitReader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/FreeFileSync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/GMail-mail.google.com.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Geogebra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/GitEye.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/GitKraken.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Gitter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Gmail-mail.google.com.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Gnome-Camara.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Gnome-Notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Gnome-Photos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Gnome-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/GnomeBaker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Google-docs-docs.google.com.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Grsync.SVG kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Grsync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Insight-FileManager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/J7Z.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/JabRef-bin-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/JabRef-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/KNetAttach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/LabPlot2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Last.fm-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Lightcord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/MATLAB.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Maya2012.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Maya2013.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Maya2014.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Maya2015.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/MerProject-qtcreator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/MidnightCommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/MultiBrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Musescore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/MvGather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/NetflixIcon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Nocturn-linux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Nocturn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/OpenTodoList.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Panini.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Pithos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/PlayOnLinux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Pomodoro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/QMapShack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/QtIcon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/QtProject-assistant.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/QtProject-designer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/QtProject-linguist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/QtProject-qdbusviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/QtProject-qtcreator-qt5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/QtProject-qtcreator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/RSS_feeds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Reddit-reddit.com.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/RescueTime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/SUSEgreeter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ScanTailor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ScudCloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/SendAnywhere.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/SpiderOak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/SpiderOakONE.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Spotify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Stacer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/TeXworks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/TeamViewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Temps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Terminal-tango.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/VBox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Vbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/WMail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/WorkerIcon48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/WormsReloaded.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/XMind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/XrendrMixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/YouTube-youtube.com.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/YouTubeDownloader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/Youtube-youtube.com.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ZeGrapher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/_usr_share_ddm_logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aarddict.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/abiword_48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/about_kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/abrt-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/abrt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/access.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessibility-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessibility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessibility_section.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-archiver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-ebook-reader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-image-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-media-converter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-painting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-podcast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-screenshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories-thesaurus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/accessories_text_editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/acidrip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/activity-log-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/addressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/adjust-colors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/administration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/adobe-flashplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/adobe-reader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/adobeflashplugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/agenda.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/airvpn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aisleriot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/akonadi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/akonadiconsole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/alacarte.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/alarm-clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/alarm-timer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/alc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/alevt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/alien-arena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/all-video-downloader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/alleyoop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/almanah.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/alsamixergui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/altyo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amarok-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amarok2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amarok_change_language.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amazon-mp3-store-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amazon-store.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amazonclouddrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amazonmp3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amd-ati.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amd-catalyst-control-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amd-catalyst.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amd-ddm-mx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/amulegui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/anaconda.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/android-studio-beta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/androidstudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/anjuta6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/anjuta_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/antimicro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aplication-x-executable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/app-launcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/app.gummi.gummi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/app.rednotebook.RedNotebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/app.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/apparmor_view_profile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/apper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appgrid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-1password.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-Alva.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-Lightcord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-QMPlay2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-android-file-transfer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-azpainter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-balena-etcher-electron.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-bitwarden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-brackets-electron.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-caprine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-clipgrab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-colorpicker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-cutter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-emacs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-franz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-github-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-gmail-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-gqrx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-hyper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-jitsi-meet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-kitty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-ksnip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-mellowplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-mscore-portable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-museeks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-org.cryptomator.Cryptomator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-org.fontforge.FontForge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-org.keepassxc.KeePassXC.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-qnapi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-qtox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-rambox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-rclone-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-retroarch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-sc-controller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-smplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-stacer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-standard-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-supertux2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-synfigstudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-unityhub.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-webcamoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-wewechat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-wire-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-youtube-dl-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit-yuzu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appimagekit_irix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applet_lockkeys.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applets-screenshooter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applets-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/application-pdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/application-vidiot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/application-x-chemtool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/application-x-clementine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/application-x-firmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/application-x-vnc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/application-x-yarock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-accessories.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-boardgames.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-cardgames.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-development-translation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-development-web.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-education-language.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-education-mathematics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-education.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-engineering.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-fonts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-games-roleplaying.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-graphics-painting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-graphics-photography.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-graphics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-internet-chat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-internet-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-internet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-java.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-languages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-mathematics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-multimedia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-office-publishing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-office.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-painting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-photography.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-publishing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-python.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-roleplaying.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-science-chemistry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-science.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-system-orange.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-utilities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-webapps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-webbrowsers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/applications-wine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appointment-soon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/apport-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/apport-gtk2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/apport.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/appset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aptana-studio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aptdaemon-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aptdaemon-update-cache.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aptdaemon-upgrade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aptdaemon-working.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aptik-battery-monitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ar.com.tuxguitar.TuxGuitar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/archive-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/archivemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/archlinux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ardour2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ardour3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ardour4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ardour5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ardour6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ardour7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ardour8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/arduino-arduinoide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/arduino-icon-small.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/arduino-ide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/arora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/artemanufrij.imageburner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/artemanufrij.screencast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/artha.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/arts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/as-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/as-powered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/asounder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/assistant-qt4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/assistant-qt5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/assistant-qt6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/assistant.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/assistant5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/asunder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/athena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ati.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/atlas.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/atomix-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/atomix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/atril.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/atunes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audacious-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audacious-32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audacity16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audacity32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audience.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audio-card-pci.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audio-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audio-recorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audio-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audio-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audio-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audio-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audoban.applet.playbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/audoban.applet.separator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/autokey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/autopackage-installer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/autopackage-manager-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/avatar-default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/avidemux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/avidemux_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/aweather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/awf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/awn-applet-digital-clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/awn-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/awn-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/awn-plugins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/awn-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ax-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/backlite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/badge-small.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/balena-etcher-electron.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/baloo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/banji.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/banshee-01.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/banshee-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/basket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery-ac-adapter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery-caution-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery-full-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/battery.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/beagled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/beryl-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/birdie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bitcoin-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bitcoin128.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bitwarden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bleachbit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bless.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blivet-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blocks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blogilo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueberry-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueberry-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueberry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueclock32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bluedun.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bluefish-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-cellular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-device.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-handheld.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-handsfree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-headset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-loudspeaker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-mouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-pointing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-scanner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-serial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman-smart-phone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueradio-48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/blueradio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bluetooth-48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bluetooth-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bluetooth-paired.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bluetooth-radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bluetoothradio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/boinc-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bombono-dvd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bookreader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/boot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bottles_notepad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bottles_wine-uninstaller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bottles_wine-winecfg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bottles_wine-winetricks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bottles_wine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bottles_winetricks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/boxes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-aghbiahbpaijignceidepookljebhfak-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-agimnkijcaahngcdmfeangaknmldooml-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-ahiigpfcghkbjfcibpojancebdfjmoop-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-akpamiohjfcnimfljfndmaldlcfphjmp-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-aohghmighlieiainnegkcijnfilokake-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-apboafhkiegglekeafbckfjldecefkhn-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-apdfllckaahabafndbhieahigkjlhalf-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-bgkodfmeijboinjdegggmkbkjfiagaan-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-bikioccmkafdpakkkcpdbppfkghcmihk-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-bllmngcdibgbgjnginpehneeofhbmdjm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-blpcfgokakmgnkcojhhkbfbldkacnbeo-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-bnbaboaihhkjoaolfnfoablhllahjnee-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-boeajhmfdjldchidhphikilcgdacljfm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-bommmmpbplimfmebiadkflfgbgejahgm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-browser-beta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-cjanmonomjogheabiocdamfpknlpdehm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-clhhggbfdinjmjhajaheehoeibfljjno-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-cmkncekebbebpfilplodngbpllndjkfo-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-damddgdogmdhjjbgpfpgmkdgdgjhohef-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-deceagebecbceejblnlcjooeohmmeldh-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-defekohaofmambflfpfoojkmfdpcbgko-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-dihbebhmaoagdpbcnfedokpfkkgmmpgc-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-djejicklhojeokkfmdelnempiecmdomj-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-efmjfjelnicpmdcmfikempdhlmainjcb-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-eikjhbkpemdappjfcmdeeeamdpkgabmk-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-eilembjdkfgodjkcjnpgpaenohkicgjd-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-ejidjjhkpiempkbhmpbfngldlkglhimk-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-ejjicmeblgpmajnghnpcppodonldlgfn-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-fahmaaghhglfmonjliepjlchgpgfmobi-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-fjliknjliaohjgjajlgolhijphojjdkc-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-fljalecfjciodhpcledpamjachpmelml-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-fmgjjmmmlfnkbppncabfkddbjimcfncm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-fpniocchabmgenibceglhnfeimmdhdfm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-gaedmjdfmmahhbjefcbgaolhhanlaolb-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-gbchcmhmhahfdphkhkmpfmihenigjmpp-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-gjmanaihpgjcijokbimnamcdndkffigp-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-gkcknpgdmiigoagkcoglklgaagnpojed-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-hadgilakbfohcfcgfbioeeehgpkopaga-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-haiffjcadagjlijoggckpgfnoeiflnem-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-hbdpomandigafcibbmofojjchbcdagbl-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-hcglmfcclpfgljeaiahehebeoaiicbko-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-hihbikoooaenkpdooehgemieligjejcb-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-hmjkmjkepdijhoojdojkdfohbdgmmhki-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-hncfgilfeieogcpghjnnhddghgdjbekl-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-hnpfjngllnobngcgfapefoaidbinmjnm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-ibblmnobmgdmpoeblocemifbpglakpoi-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-icppfcnhkcmnfdhfhphakoifcfokfdhg-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-ighkikkfkalojiibipjigpccggljgdff-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-jgeocpdicgmkeemopbanhokmhcgcflmi-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-jjphmlaoffndcnecccgemfdaaoighkel-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-jknmpnbgkaekopldbncmggaejjamkemn-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-khjnjifipfkgglficmipimgjpbmlbemd-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-kippjfofjhjlffjecoapiogbkgbpmgej-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-knipolnnllmklapflnccelgolnpehhpl-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-lainlkmlgipednloilifbppmhdocjbda-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-lbfehkoinhhcknnbdgnnmjhiladcgbol-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-lgnggepjiihbfdbedefdhcffnmhcahbm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-majiogicmcnmdhhlgmkahaleckhjbmlk-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-mjcnijlhddpbdemagnpefmlkjdagkogk-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-mmfbcljfglbokpmkimbfghdkjmjhdgbg-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-mnfehgbmkapmjnhcnbodoamcioleeooe-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-ncmjhecbjeaamljdfahankockkkdmedg-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-ncpaehbhmfoodbceflpbdocjhpokkbmo-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-nmgfcbigejokjgholnnnipegblickgnp-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-nmmhkkegccagdldgiimedpiccmgmieda-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-ojcflmmmcfpacggndoaaflkmcoblhnbh-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-okdgofnjkaimfebepijgaoimfphblkpd-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-oooiobdokpcfdlahlmcddobejikcmkfo-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brave-pjkljhegncpnkpknbcohdijeoejaedia-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/breeze-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brightness-systray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brightness.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/brightnesssettings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/briss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/browser-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/browser-tor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bt-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bug-buddy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/bumblebee.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/burner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/burpsuite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/butter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/byobu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/byzanz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ca._0ldsk00l.Nestopia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ca.desrt.dconf-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ca.littlesvr.asunder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cacao-oj6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cacao-oj7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cacao-oj8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cacao-oj9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cairo-clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cairo-dock-c.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cairo-dock-o.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cairo-dock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/caja-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/caja-dropbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calamares.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calendar-red-31.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calibre-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/california.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligraauthor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligradevtools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligraflow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligragemini.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligrakexi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligrakrita.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligrakrita2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligrakrita3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligraplan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligraplanner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligraplanwork.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligrasheets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligrastage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/calligrawords.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/camera-app.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/camera_unmount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/camorama.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cantata.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cantor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/caprine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/caribou.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/catalyst-control-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/catfish.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cc.arduino.arduinoide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ccc-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ccc_large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cdrom_unmount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cdwriter_unmount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cervisia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cgoban.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cgoban_32x32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ch.tlaun.TL.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chainsaw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chakra-backup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/changes-prevent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chardevice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chat.rocket.RocketChat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/checkbox-touch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/checkers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/checkgmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cheese.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chemtool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chessx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chinese.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chmsee-16x16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chmsee-32x32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chmsee-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/choqok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-aghbiahbpaijignceidepookljebhfak-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-agimnkijcaahngcdmfeangaknmldooml-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-ahiigpfcghkbjfcibpojancebdfjmoop-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-akpamiohjfcnimfljfndmaldlcfphjmp-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-aohghmighlieiainnegkcijnfilokake-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-aohghmighlieiainnegkcijnfilokake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-apboafhkiegglekeafbckfjldecefkhn-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-apdfllckaahabafndbhieahigkjlhalf-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-apdfllckaahabafndbhieahigkjlhalf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-bgkodfmeijboinjdegggmkbkjfiagaan-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-bikioccmkafdpakkkcpdbppfkghcmihk-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-bllmngcdibgbgjnginpehneeofhbmdjm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-blpcfgokakmgnkcojhhkbfbldkacnbeo-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-bnbaboaihhkjoaolfnfoablhllahjnee-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-boeajhmfdjldchidhphikilcgdacljfm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-bommmmpbplimfmebiadkflfgbgejahgm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-calculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-cjanmonomjogheabiocdamfpknlpdehm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-clgddkicplcbgjfobecebadodeggpghp-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-clhhggbfdinjmjhajaheehoeibfljjno-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-cmkncekebbebpfilplodngbpllndjkfo-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-cnkjkdjlofllcpbemipjbcpfnglbgieh-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-damddgdogmdhjjbgpfpgmkdgdgjhohef-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-deceagebecbceejblnlcjooeohmmeldh-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-defekohaofmambflfpfoojkmfdpcbgko-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-dihbebhmaoagdpbcnfedokpfkkgmmpgc-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-djejicklhojeokkfmdelnempiecmdomj-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-efmjfjelnicpmdcmfikempdhlmainjcb-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-eifdbcbnlahelniokpkpdlhaocgjdcje-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-eikjhbkpemdappjfcmdeeeamdpkgabmk-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-eilembjdkfgodjkcjnpgpaenohkicgjd-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-ejidjjhkpiempkbhmpbfngldlkglhimk-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-ejjicmeblgpmajnghnpcppodonldlgfn-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-fahmaaghhglfmonjliepjlchgpgfmobi-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-fdmmgilgnpjigdojojpjoooidkmcomcm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-fhbjgbiflinjbdggehcddcbncdddomop-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-fjliknjliaohjgjajlgolhijphojjdkc-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-fmgjjmmmlfnkbppncabfkddbjimcfncm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-fpniocchabmgenibceglhnfeimmdhdfm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-gaedmjdfmmahhbjefcbgaolhhanlaolb-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-gbchcmhmhahfdphkhkmpfmihenigjmpp-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-gjmanaihpgjcijokbimnamcdndkffigp-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-gkcknpgdmiigoagkcoglklgaagnpojed-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-google-docs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-google-drive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-google-photos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-hadgilakbfohcfcgfbioeeehgpkopaga-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-haiffjcadagjlijoggckpgfnoeiflnem-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-hbdpomandigafcibbmofojjchbcdagbl-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-hcglmfcclpfgljeaiahehebeoaiicbko-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-hcglmfcclpfgljeaiahehebeoaiicbko.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-hdokiejnpimakedhajhdlcegeplioahd-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-hfhhnacclhffhdffklopdkcgdhifgngh-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-hihbikoooaenkpdooehgemieligjejcb-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-hmjkmjkepdijhoojdojkdfohbdgmmhki-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-hncfgilfeieogcpghjnnhddghgdjbekl-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-hnpfjngllnobngcgfapefoaidbinmjnm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-https___telegram.org_.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-ibblmnobmgdmpoeblocemifbpglakpoi-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-icdipabjmbhpdkjaihfjoikhjjeneebd-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-icppfcnhkcmnfdhfhphakoifcfokfdhg-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-ighkikkfkalojiibipjigpccggljgdff-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-ioekoebejdcmnlefjiknokhhafglcjdl-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-jcjbnkncddbeomhaacaeokhfnefibpde-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-jeogkiiogjbmhklcnbgkdcjoioegiknm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-jgeocpdicgmkeemopbanhokmhcgcflmi-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-jknmpnbgkaekopldbncmggaejjamkemn-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-joodangkbfjnajiiifokapkpmhfnpleo-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-joodangkbfjnajiiifokapkpmhfnpleo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-khjnjifipfkgglficmipimgjpbmlbemd-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-kippjfofjhjlffjecoapiogbkgbpmgej-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-kogcfmeennoidocadkgjhnbancebmlbf-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-lainlkmlgipednloilifbppmhdocjbda-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-lbfehkoinhhcknnbdgnnmjhiladcgbol-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-lgnggepjiihbfdbedefdhcffnmhcahbm-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-lneaknkopdijkpnocmklfnjbeapigfbh-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-majiogicmcnmdhhlgmkahaleckhjbmlk-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-mijlebbfndhelmdpmllgcfadlkankhok-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-mjcnijlhddpbdemagnpefmlkjdagkogk-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-mmfbcljfglbokpmkimbfghdkjmjhdgbg-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-mnfehgbmkapmjnhcnbodoamcioleeooe-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-ncliohomlfopnmlfkepkcbnhmeijkhhf-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-ncmjhecbjeaamljdfahankockkkdmedg-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-ncpaehbhmfoodbceflpbdocjhpokkbmo-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-nmgfcbigejokjgholnnnipegblickgnp-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-nmmhkkegccagdldgiimedpiccmgmieda-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-ojcflmmmcfpacggndoaaflkmcoblhnbh-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-oooiobdokpcfdlahlmcddobejikcmkfo-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-pfpeapihoiogbcmdmnibeplnikfnhoge-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-pghodfjepegmciihfhdipmimghiakcjf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome-pjkljhegncpnkpknbcohdijeoejaedia-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chrome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chromium-browser-privacy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chromium-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chromium-browser2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chromium-bsu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chromium-dev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/chromium-freeworld.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cin-multimedia-volume-control.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cinnamon-power-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cinnamon-preferences-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cinnamon-preferences-desktop-display.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cinnamon-preferences-system-time.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cinnamon-session-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/clamav-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/clamtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/clanbomber.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/classicmenu-indicator-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/classicmenu-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/claws-mail-128x128.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/claws-mail-32x32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/claws-mail-64x64.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/claws-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/claws-mail_logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/clawsker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/clementine-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/clipit-trayicon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/clocks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cmake-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cmake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/code-oss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/code.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/color-calibate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/color-management.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/color-pick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/colorgrab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/colorimeter-colorhug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/colorize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/colorman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/colors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/colorset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/colour.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.Adobe.Flash-Player-Projector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.abisource.AbiWord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.adobe.Flash-Player-Projector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.adobe.Reader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.alacritty.Alacritty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.albiononline.AlbionOnline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.alientrap.nexuiz-classic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.authy.Authy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.axosoft.GitKraken.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.belmoussaoui.Authenticator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.bitwarden.Bitwarden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.bitwarden.BitwardenDesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.bitwarden.desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.bitwig.BitwigStudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.brave.Browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.bxabi.bumblebee-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.ebook-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.ebook-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.ebook_edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.ebook_viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.lrfviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.calibre_ebook.calibre.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.deepin.Calculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.deepin.Calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.deepin.ImageViewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.deepin.Movies.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.deepin.Music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.deepin.Picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.deepin.ScreenShot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.deepin.Screenshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.deepin.VoiceRecorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.discordapp.Discord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.discordapp.DiscordCanary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.dosbox.DOSBox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.dropbox.Client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.elsevier.MendeleyDesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.endlessnetwork.missilemath.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.endlessnetwork.tankwarriors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.getmailspring.Mailspring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.getpostman.Postman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.gexperts.Terminix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.gexperts.Tilix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.gigitux.gtkwhats.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.Eloston.UngoogledChromium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.Flacon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.JannikHv.Gydl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.Matoking.protontricks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.PintaProject.Pinta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github._4lex4.ScanTailor-Advanced.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.adhec.SwitchTheme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.afrantzis.Bless.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.akiraux.akira.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.alecaddd.akira.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.alecaddd.sequeler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.alecaddd.taxi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.artemanufrij.imageburner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.artemanufrij.playmyvideos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.artemanufrij.screencast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.artemanufrij.showmypictures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.artemanufrij.webpin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.babluboy.bookworm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.bajoja.indicator-kdeconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.bartzaalberg.php-tester.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.bharatkalluri.gifup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.bilelmoussaoui.Authenticator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.bitseater.weather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.brandonlujan.exchange.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.cassidyjames.palette.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.christophernugent.locksmith.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.dahenson.agenda.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.davidmhewitt.clipped.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.eneshecan.WhatsAppForLinux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.geigi.cozy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.georgekap1an.chores.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.git_cola.git-cola.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.hannesschulze.optimizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.hluk.copyq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.hugolabe.Wike.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.intika.pager-wheel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.jeromerobert.pdfarranger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.juliagoda.antimicroX.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.junrrein.PDFSlicer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.lainsce.notejot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.lainsce.palaura.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.lpereira.HardInfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.lpereira.hardinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.luizaugustomm.tomato.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.micahflee.torbrowser-launcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.needle-and-thread.vocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.needleandthread.vocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.panosx2.brightness.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.parnold-x.nasc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.parnold-x.sudoku.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.parnold_x.nasc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.persepolisdm.persepolis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.philip_scott.notes-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.rapidfingers.translator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.reds.LogisimEvolution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.ronnydo.colorpicker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.rssguard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.ryonakano.reco.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.santileortiz.iconoscope.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.skylot.jadx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.thezbyg.Gpick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.thezbyg.gpick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.timecraft.notifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.tomatoers.tomato.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.unrud.djpdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.wjaguar.mtPaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.wjaguar.mtpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.wwmm.easyeffects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.wwmm.pulseeffects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.xournalpp.xournalpp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.zren.commandoutput.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.zren.githubissues.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.zren.presentwindows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.zren.sysmonitordash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.zren.tiledmenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.zren.todolist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.github.ztefn.haguichi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.gitlab.ColinDuquesnoy.MellowPlayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.gitlab.cunidev.Gestures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.gitlab.cutecom.cutecom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.gitlab.davem.ClamTk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.giuspen.cherrytree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.gnome.Software.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.gnome.software.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.google.AndroidStudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.google.Chrome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.google.ChromeDev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.googleplaymusicdesktopplayer.GPMDP.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.hamrick.VueScan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.jagex.RuneScape.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.koldbyte.kde.termoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.ktechpit.whatsie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.leagueoflegends.Client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.librehat.yahooweather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.makemkv.MakeMKV.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.mattjakeman.ExtensionManager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.meetfranz.Franz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.mojang.Minecraft.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.netease.CloudMusic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.nextcloud.desktopclient.nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.notepadqq.Notepadqq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.obsproject.Studio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.onlyoffice.DesktopEditors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.openwall.John.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.opera.Opera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.ozmartians.VidCutter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.play0ad.zeroad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.playonlinux.PlayOnLinux4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.pypyrev.linuxdcpp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.qq.weixin.deepin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.rawtherapee.RawTherapee.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.rosegardenmusic.rosegarden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.sayonara_player.Sayonara.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.seafile.Client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.sigil_ebook.Sigil.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.simplenote.Simplenote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.sindresorhus.Caprine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.skype.Client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.slack.Slack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.spotify.Client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.stremio.Stremio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.sublimetext.SublimeText3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.sublimetext.three.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.syntevo.SmartGit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.system76.Popsicle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.teamspeak.TeamSpeak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.teamspeak.TeamSpeak3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.teeworlds.Teeworlds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.tencent.WeChat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.thebrokenrail.MCPIReborn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.transmissionbt.Transmission.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.ugetdm.uGet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.ulduzsoft.KchmViewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.unity.UnityHub.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.uploadedlobster.peek.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.valvesoftware.Steam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.viber.Viber.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.viewizard.AstroMenace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.viewizard.astromenace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.vinszent.GnomeTwitch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.visualstudio.code-oss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.visualstudio.code.oss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.visualstudio.code.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.vivaldi.Vivaldi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.whitemagicsoftware.kmcaster.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.wire.WireDesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.wiz.Note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.worldoftanks.Client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.etmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.pdfmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.wppmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office.wpsmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office2019.etmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office2019.pdfmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office2019.wppmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.wps.Office2019.wpsmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.xamarin.MonoDevelop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.xnview.XnRetro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.ylsoftware.qmmp.Qmmp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.yubico.yubioath.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/com.zandronum.Zandronum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/computer-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/computer-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/computer-log-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/computersettings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/config-date.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/config-language.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/config-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/configuration-section.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/configuration_section.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/configurator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/configure-debian.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/confity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/contact-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/contact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/control-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/control-center2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/convertall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cookie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/copy-agent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/copy-com.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/corebird.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cqcb.plasma.webslice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/credentials-preferences.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cryfs-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cryptfolder-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cryptkeeper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-backgrounds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-bluetooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-cat-admin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-cat-appearance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-cat-hardware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-cat-prefs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-cat-themes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-date-time.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-default-applications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-desklets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-desktop-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-display.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-drivers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-extensions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-firewall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-fonts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-general.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-gestures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-input-method.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-language.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-login.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-mouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-online-accounts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-power.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-privacy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-region.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-screen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-screensaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-session-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-software-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-sources.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-startup-programs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-tablet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-themes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-tiling.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-universal-access.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-user-accounts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-windows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-workspaces.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-a11y-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-a11y-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-datetime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-media-keys.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-mouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-power.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-print-notifications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-screensaver-proxy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-wacom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-xrandr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csd-xsettings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/csgo_linux64.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cuckoo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cumulus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cups-launcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cupsprinter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/customdesktopmenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cx.ring.Ring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cx.ring.ring-kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/cxmenu-cxoffice-0-crossover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/d3lphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/d4x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/daily-wallpaper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/date.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dayfolder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dbeaver-ce.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dbeaver-ee.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ddcopy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dde-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dde-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dde-printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ddm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ddrescue-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/de.billardgl.Billardgl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/de.blobbyvolley.BlobbyVolley2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/de.haeckerfelix.gradio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/de.openstreetmap.josm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/debian-installer-launcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/debian-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/debian-plymouth-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/debian-reference.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/debian-swirl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/debian.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-album.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-app-store.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-appstore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-boot-maker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-calculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-cloud-configuration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-cloud-scan-configurator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-cloudprint-config-helper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-compressor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-crossover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-deb-installer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-defender.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-devicemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-diskmanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-emacs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-font-installer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-font-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-game-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-graphics-driver-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-image-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-installer-oem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-installer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-log-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-media-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-movie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-multitasking-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-music-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-reader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-remote-assistance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-repair-tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-repair.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-scanner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-screen-recorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-screenshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-software-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-system-monitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-translator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-voice-note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-voice-recorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-wine-assist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin.com.wechat.devtools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin.com.wechat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/default-application.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deluge-torrent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/designer-qt4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/designer-qt5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/designer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/designer5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deskbar-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/deskbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/desktop-effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/desktop-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/desktop-environment-xfce.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dev.aunetx.deezer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dev.rdm.RDM.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dev.tchx84.Portfolio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/devdocs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/devede.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/devedeng.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/devhelp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/device-driver-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/device-notifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/device_cpu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/device_mem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/device_pci.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/device_serial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/device_usb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dhcpcd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dialog-password.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dict.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dictionary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/digikam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/digital-assets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dillo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/discord-bin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/discord-ptb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/disk-burner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/disk-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/diskmonitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/disper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/display-brightness.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/display-capplet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/display-im6.Q16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/display-im6.q16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/display.im6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/display.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-crux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-linux-mint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-mint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo-xubuntu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/distributor-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dk.yumex.Yumex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dnfdragora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/docear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dockbarx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/docky.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/document-open-recent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/document-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/documentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/downloader-arrow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/draftsight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dragonplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drakconf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drakmenustyle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/draksec-mdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drakstats.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dreamchess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drgeo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/driconf-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-cdrom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-harddisk-root.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-harddisk-system-solidstate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-harddisk-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-harddisk-usb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-harddisk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-removable-media-ieee1394.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/drive-virtual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/driver-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dvd95.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dvd9548.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/dvd_unmount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/e-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eTube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/earth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/easy-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/easyeffects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/easytags.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ebook-reader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/echomixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/edb-debugger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/edb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/edb48-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eddy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/edile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/edit-urpm-sources.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/edu.berkeley.BOINC.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eekboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eiskaltdcpp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron23.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/electron9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/element-desktop-bin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/element.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/elementary-photo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/emacs-24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/emacs-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/emacs-nox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/emacs-snapshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/emacs22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/emacs23.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/emacs24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/emacs25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/email-client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/emblem-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/emblem-people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/emerillon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/emule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/encryptr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/engrampa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/enjoy-music-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/epdfview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ephoto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/epiphany-bookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/epiphany-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/epiphany-gecko.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/epiphany-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/epiphany-webkit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/epiphany.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/epulse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eradio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eric6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ericWeb6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/esd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/etcher-electron.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/etcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/etube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.blumenstingl.martin.keystateplasmoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.Nuvola.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaApp8tracks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppAmazonCloudPlayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppBandcamp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppBbcIplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppDeezer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppGooglePlayMusic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppJamendo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppJango.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppMixcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppOwncloudMusic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppPlex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppSoundcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppSpotify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppYandexMusic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppYoutube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/eu.tiliado.NuvolaAppYoutubeMusic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/evernote-client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/everpad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/evince.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/evolution-addressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/evolution-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/evolution-contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/evolution-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/evolution-memos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/evolution-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/evolution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/exaile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/exe2hexbat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/exfalso.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/exmplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/exploitdb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ezame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/f-spot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/facebook-facebook.com.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/facebookresource.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fbreader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fbzx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fceu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fceux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fcitx-kbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fcitx-setting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fcitx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fcitx_ubuntukylin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/featherpad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fedora-logo-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fedora-release-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fedorausb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/feedreader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ffado.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fifteenpuzzle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/file-system-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/filelight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/filerunner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/filled-xterm_32x32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/filled-xterm_48x48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/find-location.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-3.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-3.5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-4.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-aurora-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-beta-bin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-beta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-bin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-devedition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-developer-edition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-developer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-esr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-gtk3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-icon-unbranded.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-mozilla-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-nightly-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-nightly.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox-original.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firefox3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firestarter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firewall-applet-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firewall-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firewall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firewall_64.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firewalld.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/firmware-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/five-or-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fjt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/flash-player-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/flashplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/flashplayerproperties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/flegita.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/flock-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/florence.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fma-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/folder-remote-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/font-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/font-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/footnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/foxitpdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/foxitreader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fr.fgrabenstaetter.DigitalAssets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fr.free.Homebank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fr.handbrake.ghb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fragments.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/freecad-daily.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/freedm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/freedoom1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/freeminer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/freetuxtv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fritzing_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fuse-emulator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/fwbuilder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gEcrit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gaiksaurus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/galculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/galeon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gallery-app.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gallery.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/galternatives.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gambitchess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/game-aisleriot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gamecards.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gazette.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gazpacho-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gazpacho.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gcalc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gcalculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gcbalculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gcleaner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gcolor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gcolor2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gcolor3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gcompris-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gconf-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gconfeditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gcr-gnupg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gcr-password.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gddccontrol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdeb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdebi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdiskdump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdm-login-photo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdm-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdm2setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdmap_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdmflexiserver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdmsetup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdu-check-disk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gdu-encrypted-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/geary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gecrit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gedbi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gedit-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gedit-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gedit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gedit1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gedit2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/geeqie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/genymotion-bin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/geogebra-classic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gfeedline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ghetto-skype.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ghex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/giggle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gimagereader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/girl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gis-weather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/git-cola.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/git-dag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/git-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/git.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/giteye.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gitg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gitk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gkdebconf-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gkdebconf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gkrellm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gksu-debian.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gksu-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gksu-root-terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gksu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gksuexec-debian.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/glViewImage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/glabels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/glade-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/glchess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/glines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/glipper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/glippy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/glogg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/glrp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/glxinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gmail-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gmail-notify-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gmail-plasmoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gmail-webapp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gmailwatcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gmameui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gmpc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gmusicbrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnethogs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnibbles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnobots.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnobots2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnochm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnoduino.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-about-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-abrt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-activity-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-aisleriot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-alsamixer-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-alsamixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-app-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-applications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-apt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-baker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-balsa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-balsa2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-bluetooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-break-timer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-builder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-calculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-character-map.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-chess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-clocks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-color-chooser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-color-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-commander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-control-center-infos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-control-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-cups-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-debian.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-desktop-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-desktop-item-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-battery.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-cdrom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-dvd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-ethernet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-floppy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-harddisk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-ipod.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-media-cf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-media-ms.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-media-sm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-removable-1394.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-removable-usb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-removable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-wavelan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-devel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-device-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dictionary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-disk-utility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-display-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-display-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-do-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-do.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dsiplay-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-emacs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-encfs-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-eterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-firmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-fs-client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-genius.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-glchess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-globe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-gmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-gmenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-gnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-gnibbles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-gnibbless.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-gnumeric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-graphics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-hearts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-hideseek.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-iagno.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-internet-radio-locator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-internet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-joystick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-latex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-ldraw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-lightsoff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-lockscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-logo-icon-transparent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-logo-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-logout.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-logs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-vcalendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-mines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-mixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-monitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-mouse-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-mouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-mplayer-dbg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-mplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-mpv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-multi-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-multimedia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-nettools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-network-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-networktool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-nibbles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-online-accounts-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-oregano.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-paint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-drawer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-fish.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-force-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-hibernate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-launcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-notification-area.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-screenshoot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-screenshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-separator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-suspend.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-window-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-window-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel-workspace-switcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-pdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-phone-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-photos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-planner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-pomodoro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-power-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-power-statistics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-quadrapassel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-rdp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-remote-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-samegnome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-screenruler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-search-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-searchtool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-session-halt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-session-hebirnate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-session-hibernate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-session-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-session-suspend.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-session.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-set-time.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-accessibility-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-defaulg-applications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-default-applications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-keybinding.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-keybindings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-mouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-theme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-settings-ui-behavior.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-shell-extension-prefs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-shutdown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-software.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-sound-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-status.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-sticky-notes-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-sudoku.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-swell-foop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-system-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-system-log.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-system-monitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-term.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-terminal-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-tetraves.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-tracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-translate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-tweak-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-tweaks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-twofactorauth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-user-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-util.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-video-arcade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-volume-control.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-weather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-web-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-web.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-window-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-windows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-wm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-word.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-workspace-switcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-xterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome_apps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnomebaker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnomeradio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnomine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnotes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnotravex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnubik.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnucash-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnucash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnugo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnugo48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnupg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gnuradio-grc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/go-for-it.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/go-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goa-account-exchange.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goa-account-facebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goa-account-google.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goa-account-lastfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goa-account-live.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goa-account-microsoft.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goa-account-msn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goa-account-owncloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goa-account-pocket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goa-account-telegram.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goa-account-twitter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goa-account.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/godot-mono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goldendict.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-calculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-chrome-canary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-chrome-dev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-chrome-developer-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-chrome-stable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-chrome-unstable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-chrome2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-chromium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-earth-engine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-earth_engine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google-reader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/google_protocol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/googlechrome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/googledrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/googleearth-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/googleearth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/goterminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gourmet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gpa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gparted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gpaste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gpick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gpicview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gpk-prefs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gpk-repo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gpk-service-pack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gpmdp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gprename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gpxsee.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gradio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/grandr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/graphics-image-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/graphics-image-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/greader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/grip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/grive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/grsync-restore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gscan2pdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gscreenshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gsd-xrandr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gsearchtool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gsmartcontrol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gstreamer-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gswitchit-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gswitchit-properties-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtali.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gthumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-cdrom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-dialog-authentication.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-dialog-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-dialog-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-dialog-question.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-dialog-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-floppy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-harddisk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-lshw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-missing-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-preferences.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-recordmydesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-redshift.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-select-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-theme-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk-youtube-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk3-icon-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk3-widget-factory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk4-demo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk4-widget-factory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtk_info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtkam-camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtkam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtkconfig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtkcord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtkhash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtklp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtklpq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtkterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gtubeclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/guake-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/guake-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/guayadeque.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gucharmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gufw_menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/guitarix2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/guitarpro6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/guvcview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/guymager_128.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gvfsd-archive-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gvim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gwenview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gworldclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gx_head.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gxine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gxneur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/gydl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/h2-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hamsket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hamster-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hamster-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hamster-time-tracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/handbrake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/harddrake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/harddrake2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/harddrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hardinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hdd_unmount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/help-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/help-contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/help-faq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/help-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/help_index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hi48-app-wireshark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hi64-apps-ffado.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/higan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hipchat4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/honicon_128x128.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hotwire.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hourglass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hp-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hp-toolbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hplip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hplj1020_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hwbrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hwinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hwloc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/hyper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/i-network-printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ibus-engine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ibus-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ibus-setup-chewing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ibus-setup-hangul.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ibus-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/icaconfigmgr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/icaconncenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/icamanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/icaselfservice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/icedove-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/icedove-uxp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/icedove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/icq_protocol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/idle3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/im-chooser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/im-msn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/im.dino.Dino.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/im.gitter.Gitter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/im.pidgin.Pidgin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/im.riot.Riot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/image-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/imageburner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/imagej1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/imagemagick2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/imagewriter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/imagination.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/imap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/impacket-scripts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/in.p1x.TanksOfFreedom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/indicator-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/indicator-cpufreq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/indicator-keylock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/indicator-privacy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/indicator-sensors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/indicator-sound-switcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/indicator-stickynotes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/indicator-virtual-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/indicator-weather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/info.bibletime.BibleTime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/info.febvre.Komikku.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/info.mumble.Mumble.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/info.olasagasti.revelation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/info.smplayer.SMPlayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/info.urbanterror.UrbanTerror.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/inkscape-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/inkscape.viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/input-gaming.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/input-joystick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/input-keyboard-virtual-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/input-touchpad-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/input-touchpad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/input_device_settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/instant-messenger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/instantbird.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/insurgency.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/intergalacticfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/internet-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/internet-chat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/internet-feed-reader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/internet-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/internet-news-reader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/internet-web-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/internet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/internet_mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.atom.Atom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.atom.electron.BaseApp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.bit3.WhatsAppQT.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.brackets.Brackets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.crow_translate.CrowTranslate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.dbeaver.DBeaverCommunity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.element.Element.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.appcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.calculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.camera.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.feedback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.photos-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.photos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.screenshot-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.screenshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.switchboard.keyboard.multitasking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.switchboard.keyboard.screenshots.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.switchboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.videos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.elementary.wingpanel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.enpass.Enpass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.Celluloid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.Fontforge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.FreeDM.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.Freedoom-Phase-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.Freedoom-Phase-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.GnomeMpv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.Hexchat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.Pithos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.Qalculate.qalculate-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.Qalculate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.TransmissionRemoteGtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.adrienverge.PhotoCollage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.antimicrox.antimicrox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.benini.scid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.celluloid_player.Celluloid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.cloose.CuteMarkEd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.ec_.Quake3e.OpenArena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.eteran.edb-debugger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.freedoom.FreeDM.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.freedoom.Phase1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.freedoom.Phase2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.garglk.Gargoyle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.gillesdegottex.FMIT.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.hmlendea.geforcenow-electron.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.java_decompiler.jd-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.jkozera.ZevDocs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.jliljebl.Flowblade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.lainsce.Notejot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.manisandro.gImageReader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.martinrotter.rssguard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.martinrotter.rssguardlite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.mightycreak.Diffuse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.mimbrero.WhatsAppDesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.mmstick.FontFinder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.openWMail.openWMail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.peazip.PeaZip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.pragha_music_player.pragha.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.pwr_solaar.solaar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.qalculate.Qalculate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.qnapi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.qtox.qTox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.quodlibet.QuodLibet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.shiftey.Desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.slgobinath.SafeEyes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.tcobbs.LDView.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.tdesktop_x64.TDesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.webcamoid.Webcamoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.wereturtle.ghostwriter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.wxmaxima_developers.wxMaxima.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.xyproto.zsnes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.github.zaps166.QMPlay2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.gitlab.Goodvibes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.gitlab.jstest_gtk.jstest_gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.gitlab.o20.word.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.gitlab.osslugaru.Lugaru.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.liri.Calculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.liri.Text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.lmms.LMMS.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.mgba.mGBA.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.missioncenter.MissionCenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.mpv.Mpv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.mrarm.mcpelauncher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.neovim.nvim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.qt.Designer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.qt.Linguist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.qt.QtCreator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.qt.qdbusviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.thp.numptyphysics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.typora.Typora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/io.webtorrent.WebTorrent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/iok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ipod_mount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ipython3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/irix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/iso-customizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/iso-image-burn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/isoimagewriter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/istanbul.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/itunes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jack_mixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jadx-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jami-gnome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jami.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-1.6.0-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-1.6.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-1.7.0-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-1.7.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-1.8.0-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-1.8.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-1.9.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-10-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-11-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-12-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-13-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-14-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-20-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-21-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-jdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java10-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java11-jdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java11-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java12-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java13-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java14-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java15-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java16-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java17-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java18-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java19-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java20-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java21-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java8-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/java9-openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/javaws.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jazzradio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jdownloader-beta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jeex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jitsi-meet-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jitsi-meet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jockey-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jockey-kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jockey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/josm-latest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/josm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/joystick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jp.yvt.OpenSpades.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/jstest-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/juffed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/juk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/juliabackend.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/k3b.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/k9copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kaboxer-rekono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kaccess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kaddressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kaffeine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kalarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-0trace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-above.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-affcat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-afl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-aircrack-ng.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-airgeddon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-amass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-android-sdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-apache-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-apktool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-armitage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-arping.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-asleap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-autopsy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-backdoor-factory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-bbqsql.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-bed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-beef-xss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-bettercap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-binwalk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-blkcalc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-blkcat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-blkls.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-blkstat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-bloodhound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-bugs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-bulk-extractor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-bully.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-burpsuite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-bytecode-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-cadaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-cewl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-chkrootkit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-chntpw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-clamav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-clang.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-commix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-cowpatty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-crackmapexec.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-crunch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-cryptsetup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-cutycapt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-davtest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dbpwaudit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dex2jar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dirb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dirbuster.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dirsearch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dmitry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dns2tcp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dnschef.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dnsenum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dnsmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dnsrecon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-docs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dradis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-driftnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-dsniff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-edb-debugger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-enum4linux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ettercap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-evil-winrm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-exe2hexbat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-eyewitness.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-fern-wifi-cracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ferret-sidejack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ffind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ffuf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-fierce.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-flasm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-fls.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-foremost.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-fping.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-fsstat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-fwbuilder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-galleta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ghidra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-gobuster.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-golismero.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-gqrx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-guymager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-gvm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-hamster-sidejack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-hash-identifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-hashcat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-hashdeep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-hashid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-havoc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-hfind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-hping3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-hydra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-icat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ifind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ike-scan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ils.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-img_cat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-img_stat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-impacket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-iodine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-istat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-jadx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-javasnoop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-jboss-autopwn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-jcat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-jd-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-jls.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-john.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-johnny.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-jsql.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-kismet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-laudanum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-lbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-legion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-lynis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-macchanger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-mactime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-magicrescue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-magictree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-maltego.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-masscan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-mdb-sql.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-mdk3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-medusa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-metagoofil.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-metasploit-framework.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-mfoc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-mfterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-mimikatz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-minicom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-miredo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-mitmproxy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-mmcat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-mmls.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-mmstat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-msfpc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-nbtscan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ncat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ncrack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-nessus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-netcat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-netdiscover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-nethunter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-netmask.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-netsniff-ng.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-nikto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-nishang.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-nmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ollydbg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-onesixtyone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-openvas.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ophcrack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-oscanner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-p0f.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-paros.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-parsero.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-patator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-pdf-parser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-pdfid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-peass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-phishing-frenzy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-pipal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-pixiewps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-powershell-empire.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-powersploit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-proxychains.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-proxytunnel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-pth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ptunnel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-pwnat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-pwsh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-pyrit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-python-faraday.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-radare2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-rainbowcrack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-rcracki-mt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-reaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-rebind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-recon-ng.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-recordmydesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-recstudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-rekono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-responder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-rizin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-rkhunter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-rsmangler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-samdump2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sbd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-scalpel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-scapy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-scrounge-ntfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-searchsploit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-set.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-shellnoob.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-shellter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sherlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sidguesser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sigfind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-skipfish.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-smbmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-smtp-user-enum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-snmp-check.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sorter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sparrow-wifi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sparta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-spiderfoot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-spike.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-spooftooph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sqldict.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sqlmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sqlninja.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sqlsus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-srch-string.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ssdeep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-ssldump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sslh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sslscan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sslsplit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-sslyze.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-starkiller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-stunnel4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-swaks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-tcpdump.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-tcpreplay.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-termineter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-thc-pptp-bruter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-thcping6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-theharvester.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-tnscmd10g.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-training.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-truecrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-tsk_comparedir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-tsk_gettimes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-tsk_loaddb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-tsk_recover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-udptunnel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-unicornscan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-unix-privesc-check.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-vega.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-veil.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-vfeedcli.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-villain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-voiphopper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-volafox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-volatility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-w3af.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-wafw00f.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-wapiti.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-watobo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-webscarab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-webshells.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-weevely.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-wfuzz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-whatweb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-wifite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-wireshark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-wordlists.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-wpscan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-xplico.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-yara.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kali-zaproxy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kalu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kamerka.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kamoso.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kamule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kappfinder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kate2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kazam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kbabeldict.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kbackup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kblogger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kbugbuster.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kbugster.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcalc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcharselect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kchart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcheckgmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kchmviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcmkicker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcmkwm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcmmidi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcmpartitions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcmpci.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcmprocessor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcmsound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcmx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcnkwn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcnmsound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcolorchooser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcoloredit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kconsole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kcontrol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdcraw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kde-gtk-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kde-im-log-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kde-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kde-telepathy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kde-windows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kded5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdeneur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdepim-dropbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdepim-googledrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdeprint_printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdiskfree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdisknav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdmconfig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kdoubanfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kedit-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kedit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/keditbookmarks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/keepass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/keepass2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/keepassx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/keepassx2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kentoo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/key-mon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/key_bindings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/keyring-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kfilebox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kfind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kfloppy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kfm_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kfontview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kfourinline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kgpg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/khelpcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kid3-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kid3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kimtoy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kinfocenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kino.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kipi-flash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kipi-gallery.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kipi-timeadjust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kipi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kitty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kjobviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kjots.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kjournal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/klavaro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kleopatra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/klettres.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/klipper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmahjongg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmail2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmailcvt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kminicom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmousetool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kmplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/knemo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/knetattach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/knetwalk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/knewsticker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/knights.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/knotify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kobo-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kobodeluxe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kobodl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kolourpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/komodo-ide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/konqueror.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/konsole-linux32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/konsole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/konsole_tux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/konsolecalendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/konsolekalendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kontact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/konversation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kopete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kopete2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/korg-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/korg-todo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/korgac.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/korganizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/korora-welcome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kpackage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kpackage48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kpager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kparted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kpat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kpatience.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kpdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kpersonalizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kphoto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kphotoalbum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kpk-desktop-gnome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kpk-desktop-xfce.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kplato.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kppp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kpresenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kprinter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kprinter4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kradio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kradio4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krec.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krfb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krita.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kritagemini.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kritasketch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krunner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader_blue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader_red.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader_user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kscreengenie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kscreensaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kscreenshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksensors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksmiletris.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksmserver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksnapshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksnip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksplash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kspread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kstars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kstars_colors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksudoku.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksysguard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksysguardd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ksystemlog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kt-upnp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ktexteditorautobrace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kthesaurus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ktimer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ktimetracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ktip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ktnef.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ktneft.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ktouch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ktp-contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ktp-log-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ktux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kube-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kubuntu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kuickshow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kuiviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kuser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kwalletmanager2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kwikdisk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kwin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kword.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kwordquiz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kwords.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kwrite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kxkb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kylin-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kynaptic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/kynpatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/l3afpad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/labplot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/labplot2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ladi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/laditools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/laptoptrusted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/last-fm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lastfm-audioscrobbler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lastfm-valut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lastfm-www.last.fm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lastpass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/launch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/launchy_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lazpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lbreakout2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/leafpad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/leftpad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/legacylauncher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/library-internet-radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/library-podcast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice-printeradmin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice-start-centre.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-printeradmin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice3-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-printeradmin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice34-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice34.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-printeradmin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-startcenter kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.2-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice5.4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.2-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.2-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.2-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.2-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.2-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.2-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.2-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.2-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.3-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.3-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.3-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.3-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.3-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.3-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.3-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.3-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.4-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.4-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.4-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.4-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.4-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.4-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice6.4-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.0-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.0-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.0-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.0-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.0-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.0-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.0-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.0-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.1-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.1-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.1-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.1-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.1-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.1-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.1-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.1-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.2-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.2-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.2-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.2-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.2-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.2-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.2-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.2-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.3-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.3-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.3-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.3-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.3-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.3-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.3-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.3-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.4-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.4-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.4-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.4-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.4-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.4-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.4-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.4-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.5-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.6-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.6-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.6-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.6-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.6-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.6-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.6-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreoffice7.6-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.0-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.0-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.0-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.0-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.0-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.0-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.0-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.0-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.1-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.1-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.1-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.1-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.1-main.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.1-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.1-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/libreofficedev6.1-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/licq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/liferea.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/light-software-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lightdm-gtk-greeter-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lightdm-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lightread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/linconnect-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/linguist-qt4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/linguist-qt5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/linguist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/linguist5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/linguistic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/links.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/links_32x32.xpm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/linssid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/liteautologin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/litedesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/liteinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/litemanual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/litenetworkshares.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/litesoftware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/litesoundsglob.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/litesources.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/litesystemreport.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/liteupdates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/liteupdatesnotify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/liteusermanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/live.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/liveusb-creator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/locale.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/localedrake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/location-services-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lock-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lock-screen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/logfactor5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/login-photo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/login.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/logisim-icon-128.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/logjam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/logviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lokalize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lookswitcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lpi-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lpi-translate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lrfviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lshw-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lshw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lskat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lubuntu-software-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/luckyBackup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/luckybackup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/luminance-hdr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_0-ad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_adventure-capitalist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_ark-survival-evolved.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_badland-game-of-the-year-edition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_blender.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_company-of-heroes-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_counter-strike-global-offensive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_counter-strike-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_counter-strike.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_day-of-defeat-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_day-of-the-tentacle-remastered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_dirt-rally.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_dont-starve-together.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_dont-starve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_dota-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_element4l.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_firewatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_full-throttle-remastered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_garrys-mod.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_godot-engine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_golf-with-your-friends.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_grid-autosport.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_half-life-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_half-life.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_insurgency.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_journey-of-a-roach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_kpatience.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_krita-gemini.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_left-4-dead-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_limbo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_minecraft.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_minetest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_payday-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_pillars-of-eternity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_portal-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_portal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_rochard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_rocket-league.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_rust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_seven-kingdoms-ancient-adversaries.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_sid-meiers-civilization-v.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_starbound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_super-meat-boy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_team-fortress-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_teeworlds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_terraria.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_teslagrad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_the-battle-for-wesnoth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_the-cave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_thimbleweed-park.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_to-the-moon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_trine-2-complete-story.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_trine-3-the-artifacts-of-power.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_trine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_typerider.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_victor-vran.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_vvvvvv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_war-thunder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_worms-reloaded.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lutris_xonotic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lximage-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lximage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lxmusic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lxqt-archiver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lxtask.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lxterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/lxterminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/macchanger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mahjong.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mahjongg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mail-client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mail-generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mail-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mail_generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mailer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mailnag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mailru-mail.ru.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mailspring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mandrivaupdate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/manjaro-settings-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/manjaro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/maps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/marlin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/martchus.syncthingplasmoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/master-pdf-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/masterpdfeditor3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/masterpdfeditor4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/masterpdfeditor5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-ax-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-brightness-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-color-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-cpu-frequency-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-desktop-item-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-disk-usage-analyzer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-eyes-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-indicator-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-invest-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-netspeed-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-nettool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-network-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-notification-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-panel-clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-panel-fish.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-panel-force-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-panel-launcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-panel-notification-area.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-panel-window-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-panel-window-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-panel-workspace-switcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-power-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-power-statistics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-preferences-desktop-display.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-sensors-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-session-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-sound-recorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-sticky-notes-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate-system-log.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mateconf-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/matepalimpsest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/matlab-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/matlab-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/matlab-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/maxima-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/maxima-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/maya.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mcomix3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mcpelauncher-ui-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mdmflexiserver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mdmsetup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/me-tv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/me.kozec.syncthingtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/me.mitya57.ReText.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-cdr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-cdrom-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-cdrom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-cdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-dvd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-dvdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-flash-memory-stick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-flash-smart-media.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-flash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-floppy-3_5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-floppy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-memory-sd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-memory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-optical-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-optical-blu-ray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-optical-cd-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-optical-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-optical-data.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-optical-dvd-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-optical-dvd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-optical-mixed-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-optical-recordable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-optical-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-player-48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/media-player-banshee.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mediacontrol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mediainfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/medit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mednafen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mendeley.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mendeleydesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/menu-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/menulibre.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/messagebox_critical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/messagebox_info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/messagebox_warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/messengerfordesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/metacity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/metasploit-framework.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/meteo-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mic-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mic-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mic-ready.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/microscope.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/midori.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/minecraft-launcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/minecraft-pi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/minetest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mini.xterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mini.xterm_32x32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mini.xterm_48x48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/minicom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/minimizeall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/minitube-ubuntu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mint-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintBackup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintNanny.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintUpdate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintUpload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintWelcome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintbackup-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintbackup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintdrivers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintinstall-kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintinstall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintlocale-im.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintlocale.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintreport.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintsources-keys.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintsources-mint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintsources-ppa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintsources.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintstick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintupdate-release-upgrade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintupdate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mintwelcome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mirage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/miro-guide-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mixxx-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mixxx_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mkv-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mkvmerge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mkvtoolnix-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mmex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/modem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/moneydance_icon512.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/monitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mono-runtime-common.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mono-runtime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/monodoc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/moodbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mouse-touchpad-pointing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mousepad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mozilla-firefox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mozilla-thunderbird.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mozo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mpv-icon-8bit-64x64.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ms-excel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ms-powerpoint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ms-skype.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ms-word.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mscore-portable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mscore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/msedge-akpamiohjfcnimfljfndmaldlcfphjmp-Default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/msiexec.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mtpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mucommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mugshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multibootusb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multilingual-terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multimedia-audio-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multimedia-photo-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multimedia-player-ipod-touch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multimedia-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multimedia-section.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multimedia-volume-control.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multimedia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multisystem-liveusb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multisystem-test-iso.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multisystem-vbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/multisystem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mumble.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/muon-discover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/muon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/muondis-cover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/muondiscover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mupdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/music-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/music_icon-24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mutt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mx-broadcom-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mx-clocky.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mx-findshares.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mx-menu-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mx-system-sounds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mx-timeset-gui-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mx-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mx-usb-unmounter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mx-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mygpo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/mypaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-cd-burner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nemo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/neon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nepomuk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nestopia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.ankiweb.Anki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.baseart.Glide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.blockout.BlockOutII.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.codeindustry.MasterPDFEditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.fasterland.converseen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.gaijin.WarThunder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.giuspen.cherrytree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.jami.Jami.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.lutris.Lutris.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.mediaarea.MediaInfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.minetest.Minetest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.olofson.KoboDeluxe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.poedit.Poedit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.puddletag.puddletag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.rpdev.OpenTodoList.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.scribus.Scribus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sf.fuse_emulator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sf.nootka.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.Chessx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.ExtremeTuxRacer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.Hugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.Klavaro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.Lifeograph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.TuxFootball.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.VMPK.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.atanks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.btanks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.chromium-bsu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.liferea.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.mars-game.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.maxima.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.mcomix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.osmo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.pdfchain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.qtpfsgui.LuminanceHDR.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.torcs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.sourceforge.xournal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.supertuxkart.SuperTuxKart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.waterfox.waterfox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.xm1math.Texmaker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.xmind.XMind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.xmind.XMind8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/net.xmind.ZEN.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/netbeans-beta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/netflix-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-defaultroute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-firewall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-server-database.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wired.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless-00.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless-75.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-wireless-connected-75.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/network-workgroup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/networkmanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/news-feed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nimbus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nixnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nl.brixit.powersupply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nl.hjdskes.Gcolor3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nl.hjdskes.gcolor3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nl.openoffice.bluefish.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nm-device-wired.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nm-device-wireless.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nm-device-wwan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nm-no-connection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nmm_qt_client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/noblenote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nocover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nocturn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/noise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nomacs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notecase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notepad-48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notepad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-audio-volume-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-battery-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-battery-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-battery-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-battery-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-device-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-display-brightness.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-microphone-sensitivity-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-network-ethernet-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-network-ethernet-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-network-wired.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-network-wireless.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-power.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notification-wifi-enabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/notifyconf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ntfs-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_8tracks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_bandcamp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_deezer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_google_play_music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_jango.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_mixcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_plex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_soundcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_spotify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_yandex_music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nuvolaplayer3_youtube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvdock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvidia-310-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvidia-current-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvidia-current-updates-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvidia-ddm-mx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvidia-drivers-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvidia-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvidia-x-server-setting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvidia-x-server-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvim-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvim-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nvtop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nx-software-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nx-software-updater.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nxclient-wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nxterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/nz.mega.MEGAsync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/obconf-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/obconf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/oceanaudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/octocat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/octopi-repoeditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/offensive-security.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/office-addressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/office-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/office-date.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/office-printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/oggconvert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ogmrip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/okular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/onboard-mono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/onboard-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/online-account-google.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/online-account-lastfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/online-account-microsoft.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/online-accounts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/onlineaccounts-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/onlyoffice-desktopeditors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/onlyoffice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ooo-printeradmin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openarena128.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/opencubicplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/opendiablo2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openerp-client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openjdk-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openjdk-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openjdk-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openjdk-18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openjdk-19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openjdk-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openjdk-21.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openjdk-22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openjdk-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openjdk-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openjdk-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openjdk-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openoffice4-printeradmin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openofficeorg-printeradmin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openofficeorg3-printeradmin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openofficeorg3.0-printeradmin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openshot-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/opentodolist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openttd-jgrpp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/openwmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/opera-browser-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/opera-browser-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/opera-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/opera-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/oracle-javaws.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/oracle_java6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/oracle_java7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/oracle_java8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/oracle_java9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/orage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/orage_globaltime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/oregano.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.DolphinEmu.dolphin-emu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.aegisub.Aegisub.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.alienarena.alienarena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.apache.netbeans.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.ardour.Ardour.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.ardour.Ardour5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.armagetronad.ArmagetronAdvanced.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.atheme.audacious.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.audacityteam.Audacity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.avidemux.Avidemux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.baedert.corebird.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.bitcoincore.bitcoin-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.bleachbit.BleachBit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.blender.Blender.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.bluesabre.MenuLibre.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.buddiesofbudgie.Settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.bunkus.mkvtoolnix-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.chocolate_doom.ChocolateDoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.chromium.Chromium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.citra_emu.citra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.claws_mail.Claws-Mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.clawsmail.Claws.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.clementine_player.Clementine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.codeblocks.codeblocks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.communia.ttrssPocket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.cryptomator.Cryptomator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.cunidev.gestures.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.cznic.Datovka.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.daa.NeovimGtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.darktable.Darktable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.debian.TuxPuck.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.deepin.browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.deepin.contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.deepin.flatdeb.deepin-calculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.deepin.flatdeb.deepin-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.deepin.flatdeb.deepin-image-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.deepin.flatdeb.deepin-music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.deepin.flatdeb.deepin-screenshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.deepin.flatdeb.deepin-voice-recorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.deluge_torrent.deluge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.delugetorrent.Deluge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.desmume.DeSmuME.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.eclipse.Committers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.eclipse.Eclipse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.eclipse.Java.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.eclipse.Javascript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.eclipse.iot.fourdiac.Ide.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.electronjs.Electron2.BaseApp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.electronjs.Electron3.BaseApp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.electronjs.Electron4.BaseApp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.electronjs.Electron5.BaseApp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.electronjs.Electron6.BaseApp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.electrum.electrum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.entangle_photo.Manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.equeim.Tremotesf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.ethereum.Mist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.exaile.Exaile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.fcitx.Fcitx5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.fedoraproject.MediaWriter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.filezillaproject.Filezilla.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.fontforge.FontForge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freecad.FreeCAD.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freecadweb.FreeCAD.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freeciv.Freeciv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freeciv.gtk322.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freeciv.qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freeciv.sdl2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freedesktop.GlxInfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freedesktop.GnomeAbrt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freedesktop.MalcontentControl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freedesktop.Sdk.Extension.openjdk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freedesktop.Sdk.Extension.openjdk10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freedesktop.Sdk.Extension.openjdk11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freedesktop.Sdk.Extension.openjdk8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freedesktop.Sdk.Extension.openjdk9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freedesktop.problems.applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freefilesync.FreeFileSync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.freeplane.App.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.fritzing.Fritzing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.frozen_bubble.frozen-bubble.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gajim.Gajim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.geany.Geany.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.geeqie.Geeqie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.geogebra.GeoGebra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.ghidra_sre.Ghidra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gimp.GIMP.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gmusicbrowser.gmusicbrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gna.Warmux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.2048.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Aisleriot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.ArchiveManager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Atomix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Baobab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Bijiben.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Boxes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Brasero.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.BreakTimer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Builder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Calculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Camara.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.CharacterMap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Characters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Cheese.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Chess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.ChromeGnomeShell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Clocks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.ColorProfileViewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.ColorViewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.DejaDup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Devhelp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Dia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Dictionary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.DiskUtility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.EasyTAG.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Empathy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Eolie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Epiphany.Devel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Epiphany.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Evince.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Evolution.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.FeedReader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.FileRoller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Firmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Five-or-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.FontViewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Fonts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Four-in-a-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Fragments.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.GHex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.GSmartControl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.GTG.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Geany.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Geary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Genius.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Glade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Gnote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Hamster.GUI.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Hamster.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Hitori.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Iagno.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.IconPreview.Palette.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Klotski.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.LightsOff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Logs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Lollypop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Loupe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Mahjongg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Maps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Meld.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Mines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Mpv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Nibbles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.OCRFeeder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Photos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Pitivi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Polari.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.PowerStats.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Ptyxis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Quadrapassel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Recipes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Reversi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Rhythmbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Rhythmbox3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Robots.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Screenshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Seahorse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Shell.Extensions.GSConnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Shotwell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Showtime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.SimpleScan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Snapshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Software.Editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Software.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.SoundJuicer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.SoundRecorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Sudoku.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.SwellFoop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Sysprof.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Sysprof2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Sysprof3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.SystemMonitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Tali.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Taquin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Tetravex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.TextEditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Todo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Tomboy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Totem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Tweaks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.TwentyFortyEight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Usage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Weather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.World.Secrets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Yelp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.almanah.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.atomix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.baobab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.bijiben.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.books.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.builder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.cheese.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.chess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.clocks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.dconf-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.design.Palette.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.documents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.eog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.epiphany.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.feedreader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.five-or-more.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.font-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.four-in-a-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.frogr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.gThumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.gedit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.ghex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.gitg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.gitlab.somas.Apostrophe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.glabels-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.gnome-2048.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.gnome-latex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.gnome-mahjongg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.hitori.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.iagno.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.lollypop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.mahjongg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.maps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.meld.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.moserial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.photos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.polari.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.powerstats.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.quadrapassel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.recipes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.seahorse.Application.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.software.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.taquin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.tetravex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.todo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.totem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.tweak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.tweaks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.weather.application.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.weather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.web.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.zbrown.KingsCross.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.zbrown.Palette.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnu.emacs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnu.pspp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnucash.GnuCash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnumeric.Gnumeric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.godotengine.Godot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.godotengine.Godot3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.goldendict.GoldenDict.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gottcode.FocusWriter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gpodder.gpodder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gramps_project.Gramps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gtk.Demo3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gtk.Demo4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gtk.WidgetFactory3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gtk.WidgetFactory4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.guitarix.Guitarix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.hedgewars.Hedgewars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.hydrogenmusic.Hydrogen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.inkscape.Inkscape.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.jamovi.jamovi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.jdownloader.JDownloader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.jitsi.jitsi-meet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.Gwenview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.akregator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.archUpdate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.ark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.artikulate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.babe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.blinken.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.blogilo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.bomber.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.bovo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.calligragemini.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.calligraplan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.calligrasheets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.calligrastage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.calligrawords.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.cantor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.choqok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.contrib.dayofmonth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.contrib.dayofweek.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.digikam.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.discover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.discovernotifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.distrowatcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.dragonplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.filelight.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.gcompris.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.ghostwriter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.granatier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.gwenview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.isoimagewriter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.juk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.k3b.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kaddressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kaffeine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kalarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kalgebra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kalk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kalzium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kamoso.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kanagram.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kapman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.karbon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.katomic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kblackbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kblocks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kbounce.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kbreakout.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kbruch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kcalc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kdeconnect.kcm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kdeconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kdenlive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kdevelop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kdiamond.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kfind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kfourinline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kgeography.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kgoldrunner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kgpg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.khangman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kid3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kigo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.killbots.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kiriki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kiten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kjots.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kjumpingcube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kleopatra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.klettres.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.klines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kmahjongg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kmail2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kmines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kmix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kmplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kmplot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kmymoney.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.knetattach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.knetwalk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.knights.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.knotes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kolf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kollision.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kolourpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kompare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.konqueror.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.konquest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.konsole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kontact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.konversation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.korganizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kpat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kphotoalbum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.krdc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.krecorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.krename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kreversi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.krita.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kronometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kruler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.krusader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kshisen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.ksirk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.ksnakeduel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.ksquares.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kstars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.ksudoku.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kteatime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.ktimetracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.ktorrent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.ktouch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.ktpcontactlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.ktuberling.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kturtle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kubrick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kuiviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kwalletmanager5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kweather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kwordquiz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.kwrite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.labplot2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.latte.analogclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.latte.plasmoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.latte.separator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.lokalize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.lskat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.marble.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.milou.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.minuet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.muonnotifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.netspeedWidget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.networkMonitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.okteta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.okular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.pacman.updatenotifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.palapeli.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.partitionmanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.pix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.activitybar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.activitypager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.advancedradio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.analogclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.audiodeviceswitcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.awesomewidget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.binaryclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.bitcoinprice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.bluetooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.caffeine-plus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.calculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.clipboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.colorpicker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.comic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.compact-shutdown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.date.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.diskquota.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.eventcalendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.excalibur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.fifteenpuzzle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.gmailfeed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.icontasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.katesessions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.keyboardindicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.kicker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.kickerdash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.kickoff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.kimpanel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.konsoleprofiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.lock_logout.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.manage-inputmethod.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.mediacontroller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.mediacontrollercompact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.mediaframe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.minimizeall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.multimediacontrols.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.networkmanagement.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.notifications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.pager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.printmanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.qalculate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.quicklaunch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.quickshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showActivityManager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showactivitymanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemloadviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.diskactivity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.diskusage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.net.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systempanel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.systemtray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.taskmanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.timer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.trash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.userswitch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.userswitcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.uswitcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.virtualdesktopbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.weather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.webbrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.win7showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.windowlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasmatube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.popupLauncher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.qmlkonsole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.redshiftControl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.resourcesMonitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.ring-kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.rocs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.showfoto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.shutdownOrSwitch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.skanlite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.skrooge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.store.nowdock.panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.tellico.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.thermalMonitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.uptimeWidget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.userbase.plasma.luna-ii.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.vvave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.weatherWidget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.windowbuttons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.yakuake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kdelook.nowdock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kicad.KiCad.bitmap2component.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kicad.KiCad.eeschema.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kicad.KiCad.gerbview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kicad.KiCad.pcbcalculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kicad.KiCad.pcbnew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kicad.KiCad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kicad_pcb.KiCad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kitone.subtitleeditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kryogenix.Pick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.ksnip.ksnip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice-writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.startcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libreoffice.LibreOffice.writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.libretro.RetroArch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.mamedev.MAME.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.manaplus.ManaPlus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.mapeditor.Tiled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.megaglest.MegaGlest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.midori_browser.Midori.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.milkytracker.MilkyTracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.mixxx.Mixxx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.moneymanagerex.MMEX.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.mozilla.Firefox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.mozilla.FirefoxDevEdition.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.mozilla.FirefoxNightly.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.mozilla.FirefoxNightlyWayland.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.mozilla.Thunderbird.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.mozilla.firefox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.musescore.MuseScore.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.musicbrainz.Picard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.mypaint.MyPaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.netsurf_browser.NetSurf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.nextcloud.Nextcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.nicotine_plus.Nicotine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.nmap.Zenmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.nxos.softwarecenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.o20.openpoint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.o20.word.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.octave.Octave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.onlyoffice.desktopeditors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.openshot.OpenShot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.openstreetmap.josm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.openttd.OpenTTD.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.pantheon.noise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.phoenicis.playonlinux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.photoqt.PhotoQt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.pitivi.Pitivi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.postmarketos.Megapixels.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.ppsspp.PPSSPP.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.pulseaudio.pavucontrol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.pwmt.zathura.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.qbittorrent.qBittorrent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.qelectrotech.QElectroTech.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.qgis.qgis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.qownnotes.QOwnNotes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.qt-project.qtcreator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.quassel_irc.QuasselClient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.qutebrowser.qutebrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.remmina.Remmina.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.rncbc.qjackctl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.rncbc.qsynth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.rncbc.qtractor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.scantailor.ScanTailor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.scilab.Scilab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.seul.pingus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.shadowsocks.qt5client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.signal.Signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.soapui.SoapUI.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.soundconverter.SoundConverter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.speedcrunch.SpeedCrunch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.sqlitebrowser.sqlitebrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.standardnotes.standardnotes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.stellarium.Stellarium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.subsurface_divelog.Subsurface.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.supertux.SuperTux-Milestone1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.supertux.SuperTux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.supertuxproject.SuperTux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.synfig.SynfigStudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.telegram.desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.texstudio.TeXstudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.tigervnc.vncviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.tordini.flavio.Minitube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.torproject.torbrowser-launcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.torproject.torbrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.tribler.Tribler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.tug.texworks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.tuxfamily.XMoto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.tuxpaint.Tuxpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.unknown_horizons.UnknownHorizons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.videolan.VLC.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.viking.Viking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.vim.Vim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.virt_manager.virt-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.virt_manager.virt-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.wesnoth.Wesnoth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.widelands.Widelands.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.winehq.Wine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.wireshark.Wireshark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.wireshark.gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.wireshark.qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.wxhexeditor.wxHexEditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.Dictionary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.Gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.PanelProfiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.Parole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.ScreenSaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.appfinder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.catfish.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.genmon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.mailreader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.mousepad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.applicationsmenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.cpugraph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.launcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.pager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.separator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.statustray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.systemload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.tasklist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.weather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.windowmenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.parole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.powermanager kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.powermanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.ristretto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.screenshooter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.session.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.accessibility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.appearance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.default-applications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.display.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.mouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.settings.preferred-applications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.taskmanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.terminalemulator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.volman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.webbrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.workspaces.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfburn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfdashboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfwm4-tweaks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfwm4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xiphos.Xiphos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xonotic.Xonotic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.yorba.geary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.yuzu_emu.yuzu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.zaproxy.ZAP.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.zealdocs.Zeal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.zim_wiki.Zim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.zimwiki.Zim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/org.zotero.Zotero.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/osmo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/overgrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/oxygen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/p0f.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/p7zip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package-available-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package-graphics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package-manager-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package-multimedia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package-utilities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_applications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_development_debugger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_development_tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_editors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_edutainment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_favorite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_favourite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_games_arcade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_games_board.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_games_card.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_games_platformgame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_graphics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_graphics_photography.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_graphics_scanning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_internet_email.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_internet_news-feed-reader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_internet_newsreader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_multimedia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_multimedia_audiomixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_multimedia_audioplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_multimedia_burning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_multimedia_jukebox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_office_addressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_toys.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_utilities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_utilities_web.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/package_wordprocessing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pacman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/page.codeberg.libre_menu_editor.LibreMenuEditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/palaura.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/palimpsest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pamac-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pamac-updater.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pamac.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/panel-applets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/panel-searchtool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/panini.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/paprefs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/parcellite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/parole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/paromplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/partitions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/password-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/password.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/passwordmanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/passwords.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pasystray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pattern-kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pattern-kde4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pattern-x11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pavucontrol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pb-for-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pcsx2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pda.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pdf-presenter-console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pdfarranger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pdfchain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pdfedit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pdfedit_logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pdfmod.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pdfshuffler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pdfslicer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/peass-ng.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/penguin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pgAdmin4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pgadmin3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pgadmin4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/phoenicis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/phone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/phonon-gstreamer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/photo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/photolayoutseditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/photoqt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/photos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/photoshop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pianoteq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pick-colour-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pidgin-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pinguin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pirut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pithos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pk-package-sources.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pkgbrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/planner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/planwork.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plasma-media-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plasmadiscover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plasmashell.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/playonlinux32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/playonlinux4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plex-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plex-media-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plexmediamanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plexmediaplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plexmediaserver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plugin-colorfilter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plugin-commands.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plugin-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plugin-wallpaper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plugins-accessibility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/plv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pnmixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/podcast-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/polari.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pomodoro-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pop-os-logo-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pop-os.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pop-shop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pop3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pop_os.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/popcorn-time.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/popcorntime-ru.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/popsicle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/portal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/portal2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/porthole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/postscript-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ppa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-activities.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-autocompletion.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-bluetooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-calendar-and-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-certificates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-composer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-contact-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-contacts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-accessibility-pointing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-accessibility-zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-applications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-apps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-assistive-technology.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-baloo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-desktop-wallpaper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-display-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-feedback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-filetype-association.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-font-installer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-gaming.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-gestures-screenedges.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-gestures-touch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-keyboard-khotkeys.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-launch-feedback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-mouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-multimedia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-online-accounts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-peripherals.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-personal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-plasma-theme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-plasma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-privacy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-tablet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-text-to-speech.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-theme-applications.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-theme-global.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-touchpad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-touchscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-virtual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop-workspaces.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-devices-printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-devices-scanner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-gtk-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-kde-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-mail-accounts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-online-accounts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-security-firewall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-smart-status.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-bluetooth-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-bluetooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-firewall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-login.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-network-ldap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-network-proxy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-network-share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-network-sharing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-performance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-power-management.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-privacy-housekeeping.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-session-services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-session.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-tabbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-time.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-windows-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-windows-effect-flipswitch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-system-windows-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-theme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-themes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-tweaks-anim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-tweaks-cerbere.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-tweaks-shadows.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-tweaks-slingshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-wallpaper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-web-browser-cache.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-web-browser-identification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences-web-browser-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferences_system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/preferencies-desktop-privacy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/print_printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/printer-driver-deepin-cloud-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/printer-laser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/printer-network.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/printer-printing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/printer-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/printer1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/printersandfax_q4os_startmenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/printmgr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/processor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/proxy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/psensor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/psi-plus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ptask.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ptbatcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pulseeffects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/putty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pwsh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pycad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pychess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/pynvim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python2.6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python2.7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python3.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python3.1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python3.10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python3.11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python3.2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python3.3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python3.4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python3.5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python3.8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/python3.9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/q4_findmenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/q4_findweb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/q4_netcon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/q4os-swprofiler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/q4os-updatemgr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/q4wine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qalculate-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qalculate-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qalculate-kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qalculate-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qalculate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qalculator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qbittorrent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qdbusviewer-qt4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qdbusviewer-qt5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qdbusviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qdbusviewer5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qdirstat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qgis-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qgit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qgo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qjackctl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qjournalctl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qjoypad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qlandkartegt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qlipper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qmapshack.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qmlscene.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qnapi-48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qnapi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qpdfview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qt-creator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qt-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qt4-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qt4logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qt5-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qt5ct.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qt6ct.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtassistant.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtconfig-qt4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtconfig-qt5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtconfig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtcreator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtcreator_logo_32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtcreatorubuntu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtdbusviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtdesigner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qterminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtgain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtlinguist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtlinguistic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtlogo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtoctave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qtscrcpy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/quasselclient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/quicksynergy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/quimup64.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/quiterss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/quodlibet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qupzilla.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qutim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qv4l2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/qvidcap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rabbitvcs-small.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rabbitvcs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/radiotray-ng-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rambox-os.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ramboxpro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ramme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/randr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/re.rizin.cutter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/reco.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/record-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/recordmydesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/reddit-is-a-dead-bird.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-accessories.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-email.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-games.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-graphics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-internet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-linux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-office.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-preferences.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-programming.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-server_settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-sound_video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-system_settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-system_tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-web-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redshift-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redshift-icon-256.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/redshiftgui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/regexxer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rekonq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/relay.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/remmina.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/removable-media.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/repository.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/resapplet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rescuetime-mx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rest.getinsomnia.Insomnia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rest.insomnia.Insomnia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/retroarch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/revelation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rexloader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rhel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ricin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ring-jami.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ring-kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/riot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ripperx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ristretto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ristretto1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rocket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rocketchat-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rockradio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rosa-imagewriter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rosamp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/roxterm-gtk3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/roxterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rpmdrake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rss_indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rssguard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rssnow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/rssowl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ru.turikhay.tlauncher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ru.yandex.Browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sabaki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/samba.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/samsung-driver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sayonara.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sc-controller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scans2pdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scratch-text-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/screengrab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/screenie-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/screenie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/screenlets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/screenruler-icon-32x32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/screenruler-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/screenruler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/screensaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scribus-ng.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scribus-trunk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/script-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/scudcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/seafile-client-qt5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/seafile-client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/seahorse-preferences.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/seamonkey-mozilla-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/securecrt_64.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/semn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/server-database.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/set.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/setroubleshoot_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/setroubleshoot_red_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sgt-mines.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/share.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/show-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/showdown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/showerthoughts2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/showfoto.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/showimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/shredder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/shutter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/signal-desktop-beta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sigram.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/silicon-128.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/silicon-22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/silicon-32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/silicon-48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/silicon-64.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/simple-ccsm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/simple-scan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/skanlite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/skrooge-initial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/skype-call-recorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/skype_protocol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/skypeforlinux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sleep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/slidewall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/slimbookamdcontroller.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smartcode-stremio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smartgithg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smartphonetrusted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smb4k.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smilla-enlarger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smillaenlarger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smtube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smuxi-frontend-gnome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/smuxi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/software-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/software-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/software-properties-mint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/software-sources.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/software-update-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/software-update-urgent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/software.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/softwarecenter-debian.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/softwarecenter-ubuntu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sogou_notify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sogoupinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-bbc-bbc-weather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-bbc-bbc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-discord-discord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-facebook-facebook-messenger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-facebook-facebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-google-gmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-google-maps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-google-photos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-google-youtube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-metoffice-weather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-microsoft-365-excel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-microsoft-365-powerpoint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-microsoft-365-word.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-microsoft-outlook-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-netflix-netflix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-nhk-nhk-weather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-reddit-reddit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-skype-web.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-soundcloud-soundcloud.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-spotify-spotify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-twitter-twitter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/solstice-weathernews-japan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sound-recorder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/soundcard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/soundconverter-logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/soundconverter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/space-usage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sparkleshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spectacle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/speedcrunch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spotify-client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spotify-linux-48x48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spotify-linux-512x512.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spotify-web-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spotify_A.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/spotifywebplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sqliteman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/standard-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/starcal2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stardict_16x16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stardict_32x32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-archlinux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-chakra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-debian.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-fedora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-gentoo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-kaos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-kde-plasma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-korora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-kubuntu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-linux-mint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-lubuntu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-mageia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-manjaro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-neon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-opensuse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-pop-os.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-ubuntu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/start-here-xfce.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/startupmanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/status_lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam-launcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_105600.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_107800.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_1118310.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_130.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_1536610.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_1572920.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_206440.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_211820.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_218620.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_219740.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_220.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_221810.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_22600.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_22690.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_228360.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_231430.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_233840.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_235820.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_236390.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_240.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_249590.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_250820.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_252490.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_252950.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_255220.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_255300.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_258890.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_269670.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_280.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_280680.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_286160.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_291650.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_30.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_300.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_310560.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_319910.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_320.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_322330.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_323470.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_325610.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_327030.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_340.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_344550.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_345180.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_346110.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_346900.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_35700.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_35720.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_360.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_365670.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_373340.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_373740.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_378120.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_379720.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_380.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_380840.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_383870.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_388210.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_395160.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_4000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_404790.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_40800.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_420.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_431240.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_450140.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_450660.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_468410.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_48000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_487210.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_500.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_550.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_569860.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_570.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_599390.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_70.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_70300.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_730.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_80.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steam_icon_8930.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steamos-logo-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/steampowered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sticky-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_addressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_calendar-and-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_cell-phone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_dialog-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_dialog-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_dialog-question.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_dialog-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_help-agent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_insert-note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_insert_note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_keyring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_mail-compose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_new-meeting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_news.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_printers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_view-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/stock_xfburn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/streamlink-twitch-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/streamtuner2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/strigi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/studio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sublime-text-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sublime-text-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sublime-text2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sublime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sublime3-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sublime_text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sublimetext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sudokuki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk6 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk7 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk8 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java-jdk9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java-jre10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java-jre8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java32-jdk5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java32-jdk6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java32-jdk7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java32-jdk8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-java8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk6 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk7 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk8 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jdk9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jre10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws-jre8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws32-jdk6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws32-jdk7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-javaws32-jdk8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk6 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk7 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk8 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jdk9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jre10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol-jre8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol32-jdk6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol32-jdk7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun-jcontrol32-jdk8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sun_java.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/supertux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/supertux2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/supertuxkart_128.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/susehelpcenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/swcentre.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sweeper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/switchuser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sylpheed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/synaptic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/synaptiks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/syncthing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/syncthingtray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/syntevo-smartgit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sysinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sysprof-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/sysprof.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-config-authentication.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-config-boot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-config-date.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-config-display.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-config-displayca.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-config-firewall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-config-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-config-printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-config-selinux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-config-services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-config-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-progress-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-firewall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-floppy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-hibernate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-installer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-lock-screen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-monitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-os-installer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-restart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-section.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-shut-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-software-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-software-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-switch-java.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-upgrade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system-utilities-logviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system76-driver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/system_section.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/systemback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/systemsettings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/systemtray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tablettrusted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tagua.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tali.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/task-attempt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/task-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tdemid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tdenetworkmanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tdescreensaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tdesvn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tdevelop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tdmconfig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/team-fortress2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/telegram-desktop-bin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/telegram-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/telepathy-kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/telepathy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/terasology.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/terminal-tango.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/terminator-128.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/terminix.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/terminology.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/terra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/texmaker128x128.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/text-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/textadept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thg_logo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunderbird-3.0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunderbird-beta-bin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunderbird-beta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunderbird-bin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunderbird-branded.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunderbird-early-bird.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunderbird-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunderbird-mozilla-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/thunderbird-trunk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tild.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tilda.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/time-admin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/time.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/timekpr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/timeset-gui-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/timevault.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tint2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tint2conf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tkpacman-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tkpacman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tomate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tomboy-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tomboy-32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tomboy-ng.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tomboy-note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tomboy-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tomboy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tools-report-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tools-wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/topmenu-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor-browser-bin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor-browser-de.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor-browser-en-ir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor-browser-en.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor-browser-es.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor-browser-fr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor-browser-it.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor-browser-ja.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor-browser-pt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor-browser-ru.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor-browser-zh-cn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor-messenger.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/torbrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/torbrowser80.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/totem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/touchpad-enabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/touchpad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/toxygen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tracktion7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tranquil.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/transgui-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/transgui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/translator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/transmission-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/transmission-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/transmission-remote-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/transmission-remote-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/trashindicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tremotesf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tsclient.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tunesview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tuxboot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tuxpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tuxracer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tv.kodi.Kodi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tv.plex.PlexDesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tvmaxe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/tweaks-app.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/twin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/typhoon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ua.org.brezblock.q4wine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ubinary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ubiquity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ubuntu-cleaner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ubuntu-kylin-software-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ubuntu-logo-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ubuntu-mate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ubuntu-online-tour.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ubuntu-qtcreator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ubuntu-start-here.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ubuntu-tweak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ubuntu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ubuntusoftware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/udev-discover-device-pci.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/udev-discover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ufw-frontends.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/uget-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/uk.org.greenend.chiark.sgtatham.putty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/un-reboot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unetbootin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-color-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-control-center-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-control-center-screen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-control-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-datetime-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-display-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-fallback-mount-helper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-lens-photos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-online-accounts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-power-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-scope-gdrive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-sound-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-tweak-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-amazoncloudreader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-facebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-gmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-google-docs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-hotmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-lastfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-mail-ru.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-outlook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-pandora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-telegram.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-wordpress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unity-webapps-youtube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unityhub.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/unsettings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/uos-downloadmanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/uos-installtool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/uos-remote-assistance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/uos-service-support.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/uosbrowser-cn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/update-notifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/urxvt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/urxvt_48x48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/us.zoom.Zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/usb-creator-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/usb-creator-kde.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/usbimager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/usbpendrive_unmount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/usbview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/user-admin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/user-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/user-identity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/user-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/user-trash-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/user-trash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/user_auth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/user_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/userdrake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/users-admin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/uterror.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-dictionary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-energy-monitor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-file-archiver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-log-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-root-terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-terminal-root.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-text-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-tweak-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities-x-terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/utilities_terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/uxterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vacuum.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vala-terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vcalendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/veracrypt.xpm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/verbiste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vfeedcli.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/video-display.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/video-player.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/video-television.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/videogames.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vidiot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/viewnior.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/viking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vim-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vimlogo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vinagre.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/virt-viewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/virtual-box.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/virtualbox-bin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/virtualbox-ose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/visual-studio-code-insiders.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/visualboyadvance-m.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vivaldi-snapshot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vivaldi-stable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vmnetcfg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vmplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vokoscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/volume-knob.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vstudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vuescan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/vvave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/warmux_128x128.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/waterfox-classic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/waterfox-current.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/waterfox-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wazzapp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/weather-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/weather-widget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/weather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-amazon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-browser-app.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-discord.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-google-drive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-google-gmail-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-google-gmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-google-maps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-google-youtube.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-hotmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-lastfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-lastpass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-outlook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-pandora.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-spotify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/web-telegram.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/webbrowser-app.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/webbrowser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/webcamoid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wechat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/weechat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/weixin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wesnoth-1.10-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wesnoth-1.10_editor-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wesnoth-1.12-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wesnoth-1.12_editor-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wesnoth-1.14-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wesnoth-1.14_editor-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wesnoth-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wesnoth_editor-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wewechat.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/whaawmp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/whatsapp-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/whatsapp-for-linux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/whatsapp-nativefier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/whatsdesk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/whatsie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wicd-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wicd-qt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wicd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wifi-radar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/window-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/window-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/window_list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wine-winetricks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wine_notepad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/winecfg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/winefile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/winff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/winhelp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/winusbgui-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/winusbgui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wire-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wireshark-gtk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wl-ico-64.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wmtweaks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/woeusbgui-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wokoscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wordpad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wordview.xpm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/workspace-overview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/workspace-switcher-left-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/world-of-tanks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wormux.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wpa_gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wpcom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wps-calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wps-office-etmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wps-office-wppmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wps-office-wpsmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-etmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-pdfmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-wppmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wps-office2019-wpsmain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wps-pres.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wps-word.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ws.openarena.OpenArena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/www-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wxHexEditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wxlame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/wxmaxima.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/x-office-address-book.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/x-office-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/x-office-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/x-office_mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/x-pdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/x-system-software-sources.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/x-terminal-emulator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/x11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xapp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xarchiver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xcalc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xchat-gnome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xchat-mini.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xchess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xchm-48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xchm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xclipboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xconsole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xdg-browser-launcher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xdiagnose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xedit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xemacs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xeyes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfburn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfcalendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-devel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-dict.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-man.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-mount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-mouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-newmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-schedule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-sensors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-system-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-system-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-system-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-theme-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-ui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-appfinder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-backdrop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-battery-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-calculator-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-clipman-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-color-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-cpufreq-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-cpugraph-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-dict.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-display.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-fsguard-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-indicator-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-mcs-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-menueditor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-mixer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-mouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-netload-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-notes-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-notifyd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-panel-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-power-manager-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-pulseaudio-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-session.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-splash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-stopwatch-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-system-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-terminal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-time-out-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-timer-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-timer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-ui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-weather.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-whiskermenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4-workspaces.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce4_xicon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce_unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfdashboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfpm-suspend.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfsm-hibernate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfsm-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfsm-logout.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfsm-reboot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfsm-shutdown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfsm-suspend.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfsm-switch-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfsm-switch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfwm4-tweaks-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xfwm4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xhydra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ximian-evolution-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/ximian-evolution-email.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xine.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xinput_calibrator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xmag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xmms.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xournalpp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xpad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xpdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xplayer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xreader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xsane.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xscreensaver.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xsensors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xt7-player-mpv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xterm-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xterm-color_32x32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xterm-color_48x48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xterm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xterm_32x32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xterm_48x48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xterminator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xvidcap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xviewer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/xyz.z3ntu.razergenie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yad.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yadpush.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yagf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yakuake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yandex-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yapysudoku.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yarock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-addon-extension.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-addon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-alternatives.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-apparmor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-auth-client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-bootloader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-checkmedia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-control-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-create-new-vm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-device-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-disk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-fcoe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-firewall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-fonts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-hardware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-high_availability.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-host.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-hwinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-inetd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-iscsi-client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-kerberos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-lan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-language.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-ldap-kerberos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-ldap-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-live-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-messages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-misc-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-misc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-network-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-network_services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-nfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-nis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-ntp-client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-online_update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-powertweak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-proxy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-release-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-runlevel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-samba-client.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-samba-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-scanner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-security.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-software.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-sudo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-support-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-support.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-sw_single.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-sw_source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-sysconfig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-system-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-tftp-server.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-timezone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-update-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-upgrade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-vendor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-vm-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast-x11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast_HD.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast_idetude.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast_joystick.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast_mouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast_printer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yast_soundcard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yd-128.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yelp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/youtube-dl-gui.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/youtube-dl-gui_48x48.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/youtube-dl-qt-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/youtube-dlg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yumex-dnf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/yumex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zathura.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zeal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zeegaree-lite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zeegaree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zeitgeist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zen-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zenmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zeroinstall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/znotes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zoom-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zoom-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/apps/scalable/zsnes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/scalable kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/applications-network-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/applications-system-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/credentials-preferences-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/categories/symbolic/goa-panel-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/scalable kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/audio-card-usb-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/bolt-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/camera-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/computer-apple-ipad-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/media-optical-bd-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/media-optical-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/memory-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/microphone-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/phone-google-nexus-one-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/phone-htc-g1-white-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/phone-palm-pre-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/phone-samsung-galaxy-s-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/phone-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/devices/symbolic/proc-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/checkmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-added.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-checked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-dropbox-mixedstate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-dropbox-selsync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-dropbox-syncing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-dropbox-unsyncable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-dropbox-uptodate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-insync-error-shared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-insync-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-insync-synced-shared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-insync-synced.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-insync-syncing-shared.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-insync-syncing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-noread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-nowrite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-rabbitvcs-added.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-rabbitvcs-calculating.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-rabbitvcs-complicated.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-rabbitvcs-conflicted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-rabbitvcs-deleted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-rabbitvcs-eerror.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-rabbitvcs-ignored.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-rabbitvcs-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-rabbitvcs-modified.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-rabbitvcs-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-rabbitvcs-obstructed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-rabbitvcs-read_only.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-rabbitvcs-unversioned.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-success.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-unavailable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/emblems/scalable/emblem-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-7zip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-archive-blank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-archive-zip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-atom+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-blank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-default.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-document-blank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-document-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-drawing-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-eps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-excel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-ffDiaporama.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-font-woff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-gml+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-gnunet-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-gpx+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-gzip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-illustrator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-image-bmp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-image-gif.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-image-ico.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-image-jpg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-image-png.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-image-psd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-image-tga.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-image-tiff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-javascript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-mathml+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-metalink+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-metalink4+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-msaccess.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-msexcel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-mspowerpoint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-msword-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-msword.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-music-blank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-music-playlist-blank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-ogg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-owl+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-pgp-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-pgp-keys.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-pgp-signature.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-pgp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-pkcs10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-pkcs12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-pkcs7-mime.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-pkcs7-signature.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-pkcs8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-pkix-cert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-pkix-crl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-pkix-pkipath.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-presentation-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-ram.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-rar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-rdata.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-rdf+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-rss+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-rtf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-shorten.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-sql.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-table-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-template-blank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vector-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vestor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.apple.mpegurl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.google-apps.document.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.google-apps.presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.google-apps.spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.google-earh.kml+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.google-earh.kml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.google-earth.kml+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.google-earth.kmz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.doc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.form.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.sheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.slides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.kde.fontspackage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.kde.okular-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-access.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-asf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-cab-compressed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroEnabled.12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroEnabled.12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-project.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-tnef.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-word.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.ms-wpl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.master-document.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.openofficeorg.extension.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.slideshow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.palm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.rar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.scribus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.squashfs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.base.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.visio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-web-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-word-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-word.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-7z-ace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-7z-arj.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-7z-compressed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-7zip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-abiword.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-accountwizard-package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-amiga-disk-format.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-applix-word.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-arc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-arj.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-awk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-bittorrent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-bzdvi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-bzip-compressed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-bzip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-bzpdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-cabri.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ccf-container.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-cda.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-class-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-cmakecache.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-compress-tar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-compress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-compressed-tar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-core.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-cpio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-csproj.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-cue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-deb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-designer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-dgn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-dlc-container.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-drgeo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-e-theme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-egon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-eps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-excel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-executable-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-executable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-extension-eml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-extension-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-extension-rss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-flash-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-afm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-bdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-dos.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-framemaker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-libgrx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-linux-psf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-otf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-pcf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-snf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-speedo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-sunos-news.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-tex-tfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-tex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-ttf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-ttx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-type1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font-vfont.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gambas3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gambasscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gambasserverpage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gba-rom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gdbm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gnome-theme-package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gnumeric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gpx+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gpx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-grsync-session.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gz-font-linux-psf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gzdvi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gzip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gzpdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-gzpostscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-icq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-iff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-img.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ipod-firmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-iso.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-it87.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-jar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-java-applet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-java-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-java.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-javascript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-jokosher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-k3b.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kcachegrind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kcsrc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-keepass.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-keepass2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-keepassx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-keepassxc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kformula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kgeo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kgetlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kmplot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kolf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kontour.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kontur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kopete-emoticons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kourse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kpresenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-krita-assistant.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-krita-paintoppresent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kseg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ksysguard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kudesigner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kvtml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kword.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-kwordquiz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-lha.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-lhz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-lzma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-lzop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-m4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-matroska.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-mif.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-msdownload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-msexcel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-msi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-mswrite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-n64-rom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-navi-animation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-nes-rom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-nzb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-object.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ole-storage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-osm+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-pak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-partial-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-patch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-pdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-pem-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-pem-key.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-pkcs12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-planner.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-project.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ptoptimizer-script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-python-bytecode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-quanta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-quattropro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-r-project.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-rar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-riff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-rpm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-rsdf-container.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-ruby.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-sami.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-shar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-shellscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-siag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-sln.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-spkac+base64.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-spkac.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-spss-por.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-spss-sav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-sqlite2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-sqlite3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-stuffit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-superkaramba.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-tar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-tarz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-tex-gf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-tex-pk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-texgzdvi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-tgif.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-tha.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-thz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-trig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-troff-man.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-tuberling.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-turtle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-typescript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-tzo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-uml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.akonadi.calendar.event.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.akonadi.calendar.freebusy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.akonadi.calendar.journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.akonadi.calendar.todo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.akonadi.collection.virtual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.akonadi.note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.alarm.active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.alarm.archived.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.alarm.template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.contactgroup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.kplato.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.kplato.work.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.kugar.mixed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.plan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-vnd.kde.plan.work.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-wine-extension-inf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-wine-extension-ini.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-wmf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-xliff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-xpinstall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-zip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-x-zoo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-xhtml+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-xsd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-xslt+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-xspf+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/application-zip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/ascii.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-aac.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-ac3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-e-melody.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-flac.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-iMelody.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-m4a.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-mp2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-mp3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-mp4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-mpeg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-prs.sid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-shn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-vnd.wave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-adpcm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-aiff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-caf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-flac.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-it.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-m4a.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-midi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-monkey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-monkeys-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-mp2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-mp3-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-mpeg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-mpegurl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-ms-wax.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-ms-wma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-ofr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-pn-realaudio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-scpis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-scpls.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-tta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-vorbis+ogg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-wav.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-xi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/audio-x-xm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/authors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/binary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/contents2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/divx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/document.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/exec.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/extension.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/folder_tar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/font-collection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/font-otf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/font-ttf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/font-woff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/font-x-generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/font.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/font_bitmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/font_truetype.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/font_type1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/fonts-package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gddoc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gddraw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gdsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gdslides.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gedit-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gif.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-generic-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-fs-executable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-fs-regular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-atom+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-javascript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-magicpoint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-msword.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-ogg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-pdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-postscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-rss+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-rtf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.lotus-1-2-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-cab-compressed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-excel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.slideshow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-vbr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-7zip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-ace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-bittorrent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-class-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compress.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-designer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-glade.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-gnome-app-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-gnome-theme-package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-gnumeric.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-illustrator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-java.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-javascript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-kpresenter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-kspread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-lzop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-nero-disc-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-nero-linux-compilation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-php.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-ruby.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-shar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-shockwave-flash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-zip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-x-zoo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-application-zip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-image-bmp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-image-gif.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-image-png.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-image-tiff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-imagebmp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-css.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-javascript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-plain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-c.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-gtkrc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-java-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-java.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-javascript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-python.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-vcalendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-vcard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-video-x-ms-asf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-video-x-ms-wmv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-mime-x-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gnome-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/gtk-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-blank.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-bmp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-eps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-gif.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-ico.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-jpeg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-jpeg2000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-png.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-svg+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-tiff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-3ds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-adobe-dng.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-emf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-eps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-ico.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-krita.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-psd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-svg+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-tga.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-win-bitmap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-win-bmp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-wmf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image-x-xfig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/inode-blockdevice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/inode-chardevice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/inode-fifo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/inode-mount-point.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/inode-socket.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/inode-vnd.kde.service.upnp.Unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/internet-feed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/javascript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/jd-container.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/jpeg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/jpg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/kpresenter_kpr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libpeas-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-database.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-master-docment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-database-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-formula-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-oasis-web.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-text-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/libreoffice-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/media-audio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/media-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/media-video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/message-news.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/message-partial.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/message-rfc822.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/mime_ascii.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/misc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/model-stl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/model-x-stl-binary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/model-x.stl-ascii.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/model-x.stl-binary.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/model.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/multipart-alternative.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/multipart-appledouble.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/multipart-digest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/multipart-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/multipart-mixed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/multipart-related.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/multipart-report.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/multipart-signed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/multipart-x-mixed-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/music.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/nero-disc-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/nero-linux-compilation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/office-contact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/office-database.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/office-document.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/office-illustration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/office-spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-database.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-drawing-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-master-document.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-database.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-drawing-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-master-document.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-presentation-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-text-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-oasis-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-presentation-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-spreadsheet-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-text-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openoffice4-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openofficeorg3-database.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openofficeorg3-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openofficeorg3-extension.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openofficeorg3-oasis-database.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/openofficeorg3-oasis-spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/opera-extension.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/package-gdebi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/package-x-generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/package_editors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/package_wordprocessing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/plan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/playlist-automatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-asc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-ddf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-dem.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-dt0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-dxf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-gml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-img.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-qlr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-qml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-shp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/qgis-sqlite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/rar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/raw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/rpm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/shellscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/sound.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/source-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/source-smart-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/stock_addressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/stock_calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/stock_certificate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/stock_new-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/stock_playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/stock_script.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/stock_smart-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/stock_unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/svg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/tar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/template-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/template_source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-csharp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-css.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-csv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-document.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-enriched.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-html.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-html_alt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-htmlh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-javascript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-mht.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-plain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-r.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-rdf+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-rdf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-richtext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-rtf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-ruby.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-sgml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-troff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-vcalendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-vnd-wap-wml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-vnd.abc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-R.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-adasrc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-asm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-authors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-bak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-bibtex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-c++hdr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-c++src.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-chdr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-cmake.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-cpp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-cppsrc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-credits.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-csrc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-eMelody.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-generic-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-hex.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-iMelody.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-java-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-java.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-katefilelist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-ldif.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-log.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-lyx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-makefile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-markdown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-matlab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-microdvd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-nfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-objchdr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-objcsrc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-opml+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-perl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-php.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-plain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-python3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-r-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-rpm-spec.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-rsrc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-rust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-scss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-sql.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-tcl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-texinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-typescript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x-xslfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-xhtml+xml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text-xmcd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/text2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/tgz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/torrent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/txt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/txt2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/uri-mms.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/uri-mmst.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/uri-mmsu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/uri-pnm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/uri-rtspt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/uri-rtspu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/vcalendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/vcard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-mlt-playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-mp2t.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-mp4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-vivo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-wavelet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-webm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-anim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-flic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-flv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-javafx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-matroska.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-mng.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-ms-asf-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-ms-asf.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-ms-wmp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-ms-wmv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-msvideo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-nsv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-sgi-movie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-theora+ogg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video-x-wmv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/video.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wordprocessing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-doc-scoured.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-dot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-dps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-dpt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-et.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-ett.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-pot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-ppt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-wps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-wpt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-xls.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/wps-office-xlt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/www.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/x-gambasserverpage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/x-mail-distribution-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-address-book1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-document-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-document.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-drawing-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-drawing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-presentation-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-presentation.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-spreadsheet-template.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/x-office-spreadsheet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/zen-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/scalable/zip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/extension-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/media-optical-bd-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/mimetypes/symbolic/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/albert-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/antimicro-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/antimicrox_trayicon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/applications-chat-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-input-microphone-high-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-input-microphone-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-input-microphone-low-zero-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-input-microphone-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-input-microphone-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-input-microphone-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-input-microphone-none-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-output-none-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-output-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-ready.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-high-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-low-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-low-zero-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-medium-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocked-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking-headphones-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-muted-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/audio-volume-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Am.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Av.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Az.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Be.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Bg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Bm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Bn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Br.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Bs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-By.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Cm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Cr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Cs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Da.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-De.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Dv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Dz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ee.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-En.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Eo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Es.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Et.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Fa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Fi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Fo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Fr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ga.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Gr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Gu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ha.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-He.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Hi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Hr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Hu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Hy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ik.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-In.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Is.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-It.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ja.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ka.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Kk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Km.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Kn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ko.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ku.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Lo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Lt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Lv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Md.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Mi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Mk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Mn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Mr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Mt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-My.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ne.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Nl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-No.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Or.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Pa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Pl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Pt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ru.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Si.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Te.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Tg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Th.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Tk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Tn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Tr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Uk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Uz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Vi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Wo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Xs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Yo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Zh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-notification-read-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-notification-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-notification-unread-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatana-indicator-notification-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatanawebmail-messages-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/ayatanawebmail-messages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bad-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bad-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-000-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-000-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-010-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-010-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-020-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-020-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-030-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-030-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-040-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-040-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-050-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-050-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-060-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-060-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-070-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-070-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-080-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-080-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-090-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-090-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-100-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-100-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-100-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-caution-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-empty-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-full-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-full-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-good-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-low-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-medium-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-medium-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-medium-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-profile-performance-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery-profile-powersave-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery_charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery_full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/battery_plugged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/blueberry-tray-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/blueberry-tray-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/blueberry-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/blueman-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/blueman-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/blueman-tray-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/blueman-tray-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/blueman-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/blueman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bluetooth-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bluetooth-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/both-bad-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/both-bad-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/both-good-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/both-good-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/both-high-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/both-high-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/both-low-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/both-low-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/brightness-medium-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/bumblebee-indicator-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/capslock-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/capslock-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/classicmenu-indicator-dark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/clipit-trayicon-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/clipman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/com.github.eneshecan.WhatsAppForLinux-tray-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/com.github.eneshecan.WhatsAppForLinux-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connecting-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connecting-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connecting-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/connect_creating.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/connect_established.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/connect_no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cpu-frequency-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cpufreq-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/cryptfolder-indicator-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dcraven-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dcraven-connecting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dcraven-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dcraven-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dcraven-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dcraven-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dcraven-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/dcraven-xa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/desktopconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/device-notifier-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/diodon-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/disk-quota.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/drive-harddisk-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/drive-removable-media-usb-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/drive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/drive.svg  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/empathy-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/empathy-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/empathy-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/empathy-extended-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/empathy-invisible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/empathy-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-bopomofo-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-kbd-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-wbpy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fcitx-zhuyin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/fluxgui-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/glipper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gnome-netstatus-disconn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gnome-netstatus-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gnome-netstatus-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gnome-netstatus-rx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gnome-netstatus-tx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gnome-netstatus-txrx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gnote-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/good-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/good-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/google-chrome-no-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/google-chrome-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/google-hangouts-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ac-adapter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-000-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-020-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-040-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-060-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-080-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-100-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-battery-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-keyboard-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-keyboard-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-keyboard-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-keyboard-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-keyboard-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-keyboard-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-mouse-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-mouse-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-mouse-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-mouse-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-mouse-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-mouse-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-phone-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-phone-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-phone-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-phone-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-phone-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-phone-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-000-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-020-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-040-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-060-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-080-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-100-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-primary-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-000-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-020-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-040-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-060-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-080-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-100-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gpm-ups-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gsd-xrandr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gsm-3g-full-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gsm-3g-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gsm-3g-high-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gsm-3g-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gsm-3g-low-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gsm-3g-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gsm-3g-medium-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gsm-3g-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gsm-3g-none-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gsm-3g-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/gtk-dialog-authentication-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/guake-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/haguichi-connecting-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/hexchat-fileoffer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/hexchat-message.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/high-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/high-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/idle-bad-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/idle-bad-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/idle-good-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/idle-good-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/idle-high-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/idle-high-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/idle-low-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/idle-low-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-21.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-23.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-21.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-23.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-26.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-27.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-28.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-29.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-30.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-31.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-33.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-34.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-35.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-21.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-23.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-26.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-27.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-28.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-29.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-30.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-31.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-21.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-23.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-26.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-27.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-messages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-rss-aware-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-rss-aware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/indicator-stickynotes-mono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/input-caps-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/input-num-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/kazam-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/kazam-recording.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/kdeconnect-tray-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/kdeconnect-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/kdeconnectindicatordark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keepassxc-dark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keepassxc-monochrome-dark-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keepassxc-monochrome-dark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keepassxc-monochrome-light-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keepassxc-monochrome-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/keepassxc-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-modem-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-modem-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-modem-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-modem-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-modem-transmit-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-modem-transmit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-monitor-transmit-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-network-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-network-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-network-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-network-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-network-transmit-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-network-transmit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-wireless-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-wireless-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-wireless-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-wireless-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-wireless-transmit-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/knemo-wireless-transmit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/low-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/low-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mate-sensors-applet-battery.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mate-sensors-applet-case.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mate-sensors-applet-chip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mate-sensors-applet-cpu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mate-sensors-applet-drive-harddisk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mate-sensors-applet-fan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mate-sensors-applet-gpu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mate-sensors-applet-memory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mic-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mic-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/msd-xrandr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/mullvad-tray-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-bluetooth-activated-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-bluetooth-activated.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-bluetooth-inactive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-bluetooth-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-bluetooth-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-bluetooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-excellent-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-good-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-none-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-ok-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-cellular-signal-weak-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-flightmode-off-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-flightmode-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-flightmode-on-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-flightmode-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-mobile-0-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-mobile-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-mobile-100-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-mobile-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-mobile-20-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-mobile-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-mobile-40-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-mobile-40.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-mobile-60-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-mobile-60.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-mobile-80-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-mobile-80.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-unavailable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-activated-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-activated-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-activated.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-unavailable-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wired-unavailable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-0-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-100-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-20-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-40-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-40.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-60-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-60.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-80-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-80.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-availible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-bluetooth-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-bluetooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-connected-00-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-connected-00.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-connected-100-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-connected-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-connected-25-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-connected-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-connected-50-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-connected-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-connected-75-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-connected-75.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-disconnected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless-signal-weak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/network-wireless.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-adhoc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-device-wired-autoip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-device-wired-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-device-wired-secureoffline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-device-wired-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-device-wired.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-device-wireless.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-device-wwan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-no-connection-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-no-connection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-secure-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-0-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-00-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-00-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-00.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-100-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-100-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-25-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-25-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-50-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-50-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-75-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-75-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-signal-75.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-tech-lte.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/nm-vpn-active-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/no-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-active-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notification-inactive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notifications-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/notifications-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/numlock-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/numlock-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/octopi-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/onboard-mono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/optimus-tray-intel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/optimus-tray-nvidia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-monochrome-dark-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-monochrome-dark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-monochrome-light-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-monochrome-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/overgrive-app-ind-sleep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/overgrive-app-ind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pamac-tray-no-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pamac-tray-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pidgin-tray-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pidgin-tray-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pidgin-tray-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pidgin-tray-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pidgin-tray-invisible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pidgin-tray-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pidgin-tray-pending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pidgin-tray-xa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pithos-tray-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/preferences-desktop-display-randr-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/preferences-system-bluetooth-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/preferences-system-bluetooth-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/printer-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pushbullet-indicator-transparent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/pushbullet-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qbittorrent-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qbittorrent-tray-dark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/qbittorrent-tray-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/radiotray-ng-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/radiotray-ng-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/receiving-bad-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/receiving-bad-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/receiving-good-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/receiving-good-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/receiving-high-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/receiving-high-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/receiving-low-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/receiving-low-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/record-desktop-indicator-recording.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/record-desktop-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/redshift-status-day-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/redshift-status-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/redshift-status-off-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/redshift-status-on-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rhythmbox-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rhythmbox-notplaying.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rocketchat-tray-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rocketchat-tray-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rocketchat-tray-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rocketchat-tray-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rocketchat-tray-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rocketchat-tray-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rocketchat-tray-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rocketchat-tray-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rocketchat-tray-9-plus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rocketchat-tray-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rsibreak0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rsibreak1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rsibreak2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rsibreak3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rsibreak4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/rsibreakx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/scc-alive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/scrllock-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/scrllock-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/si-syncthing-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-75.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-unread-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-unread-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-unread-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-unread-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-unread-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-unread-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-unread-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-unread-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/signal-unread-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/simplescreenrecorder-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-connecting-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-connecting-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-invisible-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/skype-status-invisible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/software-update-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/software-update-urgent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/spotify-linux-32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/start-here-kde-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/stock_weather-cloudy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/stock_weather-few-clouds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/stock_weather-fog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/stock_weather-night-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/stock_weather-showers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/stock_weather-snow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/stock_weather-storm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/strawberry-panel-grey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/system-devices-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/system-devices-panel-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/system-shutdown-panel-restart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/system-shutdown-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/system-software-update-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teams-tray-offshift.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/teams-tray-onshift.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/todo-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tomboy-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/touchpad-indicator-light-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/touchpad-indicator-light-enabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/touchpad-indicator-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/transmission-tray-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/transmitting-bad-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/transmitting-bad-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/transmitting-good-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/transmitting-good-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/transmitting-high-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/transmitting-high-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/transmitting-low-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/transmitting-low-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tray-message.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tray-new-im.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tray-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/tray-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/updates-notifier-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/updates-notifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-available-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-away-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-busy-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-idle-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-invisible-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-offline-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/user-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/volume-level-high-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/volume-level-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/volume-level-low-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/volume-level-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/volume-level-medium-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/volume-level-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/volume-level-muted-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/volume-level-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/volume-level-none-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/volume-level-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-010.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-030.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-050.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-070.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-090.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-110.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-120.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-130.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-140.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-150.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-160.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-170.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-180.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-190.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-200.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-210.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-220.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-230.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-240.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-250.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-260.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-270.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-280.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-290.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-300.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-310.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-320.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-330.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-340.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clear-night-350.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-clouds-wind-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-010.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-030.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-050.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-070.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-090.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-110.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-120.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-130.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-140.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-150.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-160.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-170.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-180.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-190.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-200.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-210.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-220.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-230.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-240.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-250.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-260.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-270.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-280.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-290.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-300.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-310.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-320.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-330.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-340.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-350.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-wind-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-few-clouds-wind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-hail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-many-clouds-wind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-many-clouds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-mist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-overcast-wind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-showers-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-showers-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-showers-scattered-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-showers-scattered-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-snow-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-snow-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-snow-scattered-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-snow-scattered-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-storm-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/weather-storm-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/wired.svg  kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce-newmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce-nomail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-battery-critical-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-battery-critical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-battery-full-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-battery-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-battery-low-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-battery-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-battery-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-battery-ok-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-battery-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-mixer-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-mixer-no-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-mixer-no-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-mixer-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-low-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-ultra-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-very-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfce4-notes-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-keyboard-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-keyboard-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-keyboard-030.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-keyboard-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-keyboard-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-keyboard-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-keyboard-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-mouse-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-mouse-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-mouse-030.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-mouse-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-mouse-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-mouse-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-mouse-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-phone-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-phone-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-phone-030.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-phone-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-phone-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-phone-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-phone-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-000-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-020-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-040-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-060-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-080-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-100-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-primary-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-000-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-020-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-040-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-060-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-080-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-100-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xfpm-ups-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/xkbmod-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yd-busy2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yd-busy3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yd-busy4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yd-busy5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yum-indicator-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yum-indicator-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yum-indicator-no-updates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yum-indicator-updates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/yum-indicator-working.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/panel/zeal-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/edittrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/emptytrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-ccdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-desktop-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-stock-trash-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-stock-trash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/other-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/stock_trash_full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/trashcan-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/trashcan_empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/trashcan_full-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/trashcan_full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop-standard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/xfce-trash-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/xfce-trash_empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/scalable/xfce-trash_full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/budgie-desktop-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/mail-inbox-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/mail-outbox-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/places/symbolic/trash-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/scalable/512 kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-high-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-medium-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-muted-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/audio-volume-muted-blocking-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-empty-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-full-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-good-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-low-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-medium-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/battery-medium-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/blueberry-tray-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/blueberry-tray-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/bluetooth-disconnected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/bluetooth-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/budgie-caffeine-cup-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/budgie-caffeine-cup-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/camera-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/caps-lock-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/freon-fan-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/freon-temperature-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/freon-voltage-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-no-shuffle-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-no-shuffle-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-one-rtl-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-one-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/microphone-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/microphone-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-none-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-no-route-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-vpn-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wired-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-hardware-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/night-light-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/notifications-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/num-lock-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/nvidia-temp-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/org.perezdecastro.Revolt-status-blink-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/org.perezdecastro.Revolt-status-online-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/security-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/temp-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/user-not-tracked-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Dark/status/symbolic/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/Finished.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/Info-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/SuggestionError.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/SuggestionTM.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/action-rss_tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/add-files-to-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/add-folder-to-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/add-placemark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/add-subtitle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/addressbook-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/adress-book-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/akonadi-phone-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/akonadiconsole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/albumfolder-importdir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/albumfolder-importimages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/albumfolder-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/albumfolder-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/albumfolder-user-trash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/amarok_artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/amarok_change_language.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/amarok_clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/amarok_lyrics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/amarok_playcount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/amarok_playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/amarok_scripts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/application-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/appointment-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/archive-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/archive-insert-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/archive-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/archive-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/arrow-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/arrow-left-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/arrow-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/arrow-right-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/arrow-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/arrow-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/blueman-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/blueman-send-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/blueman-trust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/blueman-untrust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/blurimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bonobo-component-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bookmark-add-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bookmark-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bookmark-new-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bookmark-toolbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bookmark_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bookmarks-organize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bookmarks_list_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bqm-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bqm-addqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bqm-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bqm-diff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bqm-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bqm-rmqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/bqm-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/brightnesssettings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/browser-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/burst.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/button_cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/button_ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cab_extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cab_view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cell_edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/character-set.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/check-filled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/checkbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/checkmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/chronometer-lap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/chronometer-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/chronometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/clear_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/clock-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_briefview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_columnsview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_multirename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_options.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_packfiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_syncdirs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_thumbnailsview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cm_viewhistorynext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/collapse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/collection-rescan-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/colormanagement.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/colors-luma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/composite-track-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/configuration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/configure-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/configure_shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/configure_toolbars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/contexthelp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cookies.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/copy-coordinates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/currenttrack_pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/currenttrack_play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cursor-arrow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cvc-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cvc-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cvc-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cvc-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/cvc-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/database-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/debug-step-into-instruction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/device.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-icon-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-memory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-object-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-ok-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-scripts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-selectors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-transform.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dialog-yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dirsync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-cleanup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-decrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-edit-verify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-export-ocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-export-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-import-ocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-open-data.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-open-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-preview-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-print-direct.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-print-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/document-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/documentinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/download-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/download-later.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-arrow-back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-arrow-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-arrow-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-arrow-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-ellipse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-freehand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-polygon-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-triangle1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-triangle2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-triangle3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/draw-triangle4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/dynamic-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-clear-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-delete-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-delete-shred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-entry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-find-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-find-project.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-find-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-image-face-detect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-image-face-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-map.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edit-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/editclear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/editcopy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/editcut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/editdelete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/editimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/editpaste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edittext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/edittrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/emptytrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/enterprise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/entry-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/entry-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/equalizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/exifinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/expand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/extract-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/favicon-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/favorite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-bopomofo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-vk-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-wbpy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fcitx-zhuyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/featured-vm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/feed-subscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/file-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/file-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filefind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-album-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-bpm-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-comment-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-composer-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-dash-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-filetype-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-genre-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-group-length.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-group-tracks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-ignore-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-last-played.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-sample-rate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filename-year-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filenew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fileopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fileprint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filequickprint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filesave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/filesaveas.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fileview-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fill-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fitmanual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fm-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fm-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fm-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fm-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/fm-thumbs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/folder-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/folder_color_picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/folder_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/followmouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-align-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-border-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-disconnect-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-fill-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-list-ordered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-stroke-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-code.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/format-text-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/games-config-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/games-config-custom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/games-config-options.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/games-config-theme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/games-endturn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/games-highscores.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/games-solve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/geany-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/geany-close-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/geany-save-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/get-hot-new-stuff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/giggle-diff-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/giggle-history-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/giggle-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/giggle-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/globe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gnome-app-install-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gnome-lockscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gnome-searchtool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gnumeric-link-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-down-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-first-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-first-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-home-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-jump-locationbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-jump-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-last-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-last-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-next-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-next-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-previous-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-previous-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/go-up-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gohome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gpg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gpgsm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-note-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-tag-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-tags-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-tags-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-task-dismiss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-task-done.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-task-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-task-undismiss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-task-undone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtg-work.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-authentication.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-bold.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-cdrom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-execute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-find-and-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-floppy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-go-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-go-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-goto-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-goto-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-indent-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-indent-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-italic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-media-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-preferences.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-select-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-spell-check.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/gtk-zoom-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hb-activity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hb-add-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hb-complete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hb-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hb-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hb-picture.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hb-presets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hb-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hb-showqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hb-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hb-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hb-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/help-contents-vmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/help-contextual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/help-donate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/help-feedback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/help-hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/help-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/help-whatsthis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hidemouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/history_entry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/hook-notifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/icon_details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/icon_tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/identity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-aim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-ban-kick-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-local-xmpp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/im-nov.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/image-adjust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/image-auto-adjust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/image-loading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/image-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/imagecomment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/indicator-notification-close-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-horizontal-rule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-table-of-contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/insert-tableofcontents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/internet-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/internet-services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/invertimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/irc-channel-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/irc-close-channel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/irc-join-channel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/irc-operator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/irc-unvoice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/irc-voice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/items-tags.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-copy-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-open-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-question.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-resize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-utils.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/itmages-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-add-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-align-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-align-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-deleffect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-zone-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdenlive-zone-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kdocumentinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/key_enter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kfm_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kmouth-phrase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kmouth-phrasebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/knotes_alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/knotes_date.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/knotes_delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kontes_close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kr_jumpback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kr_mountman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kr_setjumpback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-add-feeds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-change-tracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-check-data.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-chunks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-info-widget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-plugins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-queue-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-remove-feeds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-restore-defaults.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-show-statusbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-start-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/kt-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/ktnef_extract_to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/label-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-transform-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/languages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/layer-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/lens.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/libpeas-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/lighttableadd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/list-add-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/list-resource-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/locationbar_erase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/loved_radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/lpi-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/lpi-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/lpi-translate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-deleted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-encrypted-part.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-flagged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-folder-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-folder-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-forwarded-replied.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-forwarded.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-mark-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-mark-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-mark-unread-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-message.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-replied.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-reply-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-reply-custom-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-reply-custom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-reply-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-reply-sender.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-signature-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-signed-fully.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-signed-part.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-signed-verified.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-signed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-unread-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail_forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail_generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail_reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/mail_replyall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-album-cover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-import-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-playlist-repeat-song.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-repeat-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-repeat-single.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-rewind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-track-add-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-track-edit-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/media-track-remove-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/meeting-attending-tentative.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/meeting-attending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/meld-version-control.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/menu_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/menu_new_sep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/message-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/messagebox_warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/milestone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/music-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/nemo-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/new-audio-alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/news-subscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/no-marker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/nocover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/noisereduction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/non-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-group-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-inverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-order-back-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-order-back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-order-front-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-order-front.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-order-lower-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-order-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-order-raise-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-order-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-ungroup-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/object-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/off-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/oilpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/on-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/open-for-editing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/open-magnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/open-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/overexposure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/page-zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/password-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/password-show-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/password-show-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/pdf-annotations.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/photo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/photos-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/pin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player-time.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player_eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player_end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player_fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player_pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player_play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player_playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player_record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player_rew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player_start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/player_stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/playlist-sort.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/podcast-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/podcast-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/poedit-fuzzy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/poedit-status-automatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/poedit-status-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/poedit-status-cat-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/poedit-status-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/poedit-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/poedit-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/poedit-validate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/polygon-add-nodes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/polygon-merge-nodes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/postalcode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/preferences-desktop-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/preferences-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/preferences-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/preferences-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/preflight-verifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/privatebrowsing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/project-development-close-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/project-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/project-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/quickopen-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/quickview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-branch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-changes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-compare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-diff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-drive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-switch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rabbitvcs-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/ratiocrop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/recently_used.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/redhat-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/region.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/reload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/reload3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/reload_all_tabs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/reload_page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/remove-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/resource-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rhythmbox-set-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rime-im.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/rime-latin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/routeplanning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/run-clean.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/run-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/search-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/select-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/selection-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/selection-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/selection-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/selection-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/settings-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/shape-choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/shear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/shoot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/show-all-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/show-dialogs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/show-grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/show-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/show-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/show-sidebar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/show-thumbnail-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/sidebar-collapse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/sidebar-expand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/sidebar-places.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/sidebar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/similarartists-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/slideshow-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/smallclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/social.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/sort-presence.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/spacefm-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/speaker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/speedometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/split.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/star-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/star-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/sticky_zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_add-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_calc-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_calc-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_check-filled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_contact-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_file-properites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_file-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_first.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_folder-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_folder-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_folder_properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_insert-note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_insert-rule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_insert-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_last.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_mail-compose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_mail-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_mail-reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_mail-send-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_mail-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_media-fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_media-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_media-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_media-prev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_media-rec.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_media-rew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_navigator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_new-address-book.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_new-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_new-bcard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_new-dir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_new-tab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_new-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_new-window.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_not.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_print-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_score-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_score-higher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_score-highest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_score-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_score-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_score-lowest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_score-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_select-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_select-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_shared-by-me.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_shared-to-me.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_show-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_task-assigned-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_task-assigned.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_task-recurring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_text-monospaced.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_timezone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_todo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_video-conferencing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_view-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_volume.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stock_zoom-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/story-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/straight-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/symbols.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/system-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tab-close-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tab-detach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tab_breakoff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tab_duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tab_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tab_new_bg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tab_remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tab_remove_other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tag-addressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tag-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tag-events.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tag-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tag-people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tag-places.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tag-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tag-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tap-create.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tap-extract-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tap-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/task-attempt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/task-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/task-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/terminator_horiz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/terminator_vert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text-speak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text_subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/text_superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tiny-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tiny-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/toggle_vp_y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/toggle_vp_z.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tool-animator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tool-pointer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tool_curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tool_elliptical_selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tool_polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/tools-wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transfers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/transform-scale.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/trash-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/twitter-profile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/udiskie-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/udiskie-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/udiskie-submenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/udiskie-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/underexposure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/upcomingevents-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/upindicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/upload-media.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/url-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/user-group-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/user-group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/user-group-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/user-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/usermenu-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/usermenu-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/usermenu-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/videoclip-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-agenda.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-time-spent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-catalog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-categories.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-certificate-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-file-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-list-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-maximized.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-media-album-cover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-media-artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-media-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-media-subtitles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-media-title.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-media-track.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-media-visualization.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pim-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pim-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pim-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pim-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-pim-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-process-all-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-process-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-process-own.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-process-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-process-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-process-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-resource-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-right-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-split-left-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-task-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-task-child-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-time-schedule-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-time-schedule-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-time-schedule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view_choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view_detailed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view_left_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view_multicolumn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view_text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view_top_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/view_tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/viewimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/viewmagfit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vinyl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/visibility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-create.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-power-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-power-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-restart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-suspend.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-tools-install-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vm_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-autoprotect-keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-checkpoint-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-checkpoint-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-manage-autostart-vms.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-marker-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-powered-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-ram-max-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-ram-max-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-ram-min-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-ram-min-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-ram-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-ram-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-replay-beginning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-replay-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-replay-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-suspended.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-view-appliance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-view-console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-view-unity-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/vmware-view-unity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/web-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window_fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/window_nofullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/x-clementine-album.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/x-clementine-artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/x-clementine-shuffle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/x-shape-connection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/x-shape-formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/x-shape-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/x-shape-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/x-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/x-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xfce-wm-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xfce-wm-minimize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xfce-wm-unmaximize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xml-attribute-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xml-element-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xml-node-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xml-node-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/xml-text-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/y-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-best-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-center-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-double-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-half-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-in-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-in-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-select-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-select-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-select-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/16/zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/18/document-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/Finished.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/Info-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/SuggestionError.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/SuggestionTM.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/action-rss_tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/add-files-to-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/add-folder-to-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/add-placemark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/add-subtitle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/addressbook-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/adress-book-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/akonadi-phone-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/akonadiconsole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/albumfolder-importdir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/albumfolder-importimages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/albumfolder-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/albumfolder-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/albumfolder-user-trash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/amarok_artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/amarok_change_language.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/amarok_clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/amarok_lyrics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/amarok_playcount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/amarok_playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/amarok_scripts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/application-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/appointment-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/archive-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/archive-insert-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/archive-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/archive-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/arrow-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/arrow-left-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/arrow-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/arrow-right-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/arrow-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/arrow-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/blueman-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/blueman-send-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/blueman-trust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/blueman-untrust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/blurimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bonobo-component-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bookmark-add-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bookmark-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bookmark-new-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bookmark-toolbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bookmark_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bookmarks-organize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bookmarks_list_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bqm-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bqm-addqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bqm-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bqm-diff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bqm-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bqm-rmqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/bqm-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/browser-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/burst.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/button_cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/button_ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cab_extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cab_view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cell_edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/character-set.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/check-filled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/checkbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/checkmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/chronometer-lap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/chronometer-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/chronometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/clear_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/clock-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_briefview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_columnsview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_multirename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_options.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_packfiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_syncdirs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_thumbnailsview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cm_viewhistorynext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/collapse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/collection-rescan-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/colormanagement.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/colors-luma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/composite-track-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/configuration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/configure-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/configure_shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/configure_toolbars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/contexthelp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cookies.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/copy-coordinates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/currenttrack_pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/currenttrack_play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/cursor-arrow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/database-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/debug-step-into-instruction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/device.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-icon-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-memory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-object-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-ok-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-scripts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-selectors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-transform.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dialog-yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dirsync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-cleanup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-decrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-edit-verify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-export-ocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-export-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-import-ocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-open-data.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-open-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-preview-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-print-direct.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-print-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/document-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/documentinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/download-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/download-later.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-arrow-back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-arrow-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-arrow-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-arrow-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-ellipse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-freehand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-polygon-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-triangle1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-triangle2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-triangle3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/draw-triangle4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/dynamic-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-clear-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-delete-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-delete-shred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-entry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-find-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-find-project.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-find-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-image-face-detect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-image-face-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-map.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edit-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/editclear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/editcopy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/editcut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/editdelete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/editimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/editpaste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edittext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/edittrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/emptytrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/enterprise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/entry-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/entry-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/equalizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/exifinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/expand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/extract-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/favicon-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/favorite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-bopomofo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-vk-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-wbpy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fcitx-zhuyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/featured-vm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/feed-subscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/file-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/file-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filefind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-album-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-bpm-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-comment-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-composer-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-dash-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-filetype-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-genre-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-group-length.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-group-tracks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-ignore-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-last-played.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-sample-rate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filename-year-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filenew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fileopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fileprint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filequickprint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filesave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/filesaveas.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fileview-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fill-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fitmanual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fm-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fm-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fm-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fm-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/fm-thumbs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/folder-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/folder_color_picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/folder_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/followmouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-align-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-border-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-disconnect-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-fill-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-list-ordered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-stroke-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-code.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/format-text-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/games-config-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/games-config-custom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/games-config-options.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/games-config-theme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/games-endturn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/games-highscores.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/games-solve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/geany-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/geany-close-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/geany-save-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/get-hot-new-stuff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/giggle-diff-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/giggle-history-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/giggle-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/giggle-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/globe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gnome-app-install-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gnome-lockscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gnome-searchtool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gnumeric-link-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-down-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-first-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-first-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-home-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-jump-locationbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-jump-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-last-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-last-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-next-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-next-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-previous-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-previous-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/go-up-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gohome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gpg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gpgsm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-note-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-tag-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-tags-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-tags-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-task-dismiss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-task-done.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-task-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-task-undismiss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-task-undone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtg-work.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-authentication.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-bold.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-cdrom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-execute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-find-and-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-floppy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-go-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-go-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-goto-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-goto-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-indent-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-indent-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-italic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-media-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-preferences.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-select-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-spell-check.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/gtk-zoom-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hb-activity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hb-add-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hb-complete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hb-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hb-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hb-picture.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hb-presets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hb-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hb-showqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hb-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hb-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hb-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/help-contents-vmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/help-contextual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/help-donate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/help-feedback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/help-hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/help-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/help-whatsthis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hidemouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/history_entry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/hook-notifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/icon_details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/identity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-aim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-ban-kick-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-local-xmpp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/im-nov.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/image-adjust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/image-auto-adjust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/image-loading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/image-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/imagecomment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-horizontal-rule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-table-of-contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/insert-tableofcontents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/internet-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/internet-services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/invertimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/irc-channel-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/irc-close-channel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/irc-join-channel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/irc-operator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/irc-unvoice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/irc-voice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/items-tags.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-copy-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-open-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-question.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-resize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-utils.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/itmages-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-add-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-align-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-align-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-deleffect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-zone-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdenlive-zone-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kdocumentinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/key_enter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kfm_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kmouth-phrase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kmouth-phrasebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/knotes_alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/knotes_date.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/knotes_delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kontes_close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kr_jumpback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kr_mountman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kr_setjumpback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-add-feeds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-change-tracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-check-data.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-chunks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-info-widget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-plugins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-queue-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-remove-feeds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-restore-defaults.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-show-statusbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-start-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/kt-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/ktnef_extract_to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/label-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-transform-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/languages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/layer-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/lens.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/libpeas-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/lighttableadd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/list-add-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/list-resource-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/locationbar_erase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/lpi-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/lpi-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/lpi-translate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-deleted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-encrypted-part.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-flagged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-folder-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-folder-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-forwarded-replied.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-forwarded.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-mark-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-mark-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-mark-unread-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-message.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-replied.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-reply-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-reply-custom-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-reply-custom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-reply-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-reply-sender.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-signature-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-signed-fully.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-signed-part.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-signed-verified.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-signed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-unread-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail_forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail_generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail_reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/mail_replyall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-album-cover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-import-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-playlist-repeat-song.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-repeat-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-repeat-single.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-rewind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-track-add-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-track-edit-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/media-track-remove-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/meeting-attending-tentative.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/meeting-attending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/meld-version-control.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/menu_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/menu_new_sep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/message-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/messagebox_warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/milestone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/music-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/nemo-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/new-audio-alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/news-subscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/no-marker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/nocover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/noisereduction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/non-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-group-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-inverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-order-back-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-order-back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-order-front-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-order-front.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-order-lower-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-order-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-order-raise-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-order-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-ungroup-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/object-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/off-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/oilpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/on-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/open-for-editing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/open-magnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/open-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/overexposure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/page-zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/password-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/password-show-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/password-show-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/pdf-annotations.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/photo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/photos-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/pin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player-time.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player_eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player_end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player_fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player_pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player_play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player_playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player_record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player_rew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player_start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/player_stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/playlist-sort.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/podcast-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/podcast-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/poedit-fuzzy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/poedit-status-automatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/poedit-status-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/poedit-status-cat-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/poedit-status-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/poedit-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/poedit-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/poedit-validate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/polygon-add-nodes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/polygon-merge-nodes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/postalcode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/preferences-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/preferences-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/preflight-verifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/privatebrowsing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/project-development-close-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/project-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/project-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/quickopen-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/quickview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-branch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-changes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-compare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-diff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-drive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-switch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rabbitvcs-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/ratiocrop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/recently_used.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/redhat-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/region.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/reload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/reload3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/reload_all_tabs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/reload_page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/remove-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/resource-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rhythmbox-set-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rime-im.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/rime-latin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/routeplanning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/run-clean.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/run-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/search-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/select-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/selection-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/selection-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/selection-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/selection-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/settings-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/shape-choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/shear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/shoot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/show-all-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/show-dialogs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/show-grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/show-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/show-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/show-sidebar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/show-thumbnail-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/sidebar-collapse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/sidebar-expand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/sidebar-places.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/sidebar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/similarartists-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/slideshow-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/smallclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/social.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/sort-presence.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/spacefm-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/speaker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/speedometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/split.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/star-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/star-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/sticky_zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_add-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_calc-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_calc-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_check-filled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_contact-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_file-properites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_file-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_first.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_folder-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_folder-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_folder_properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_insert-note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_insert-rule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_insert-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_last.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_mail-compose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_mail-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_mail-reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_mail-send-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_mail-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_media-fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_media-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_media-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_media-prev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_media-rec.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_media-rew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_navigator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_new-address-book.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_new-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_new-bcard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_new-dir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_new-tab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_new-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_new-window.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_not.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_print-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_score-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_score-higher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_score-highest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_score-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_score-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_score-lowest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_score-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_select-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_select-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_shared-by-me.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_shared-to-me.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_show-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_task-assigned-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_task-assigned.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_task-recurring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_text-monospaced.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_timezone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_todo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_video-conferencing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_view-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_volume.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stock_zoom-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/story-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/straight-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/symbols.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/system-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tab-close-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tab-detach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tab_breakoff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tab_duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tab_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tab_new_bg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tab_remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tab_remove_other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tag-addressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tag-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tag-events.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tag-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tag-people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tag-places.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tag-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tag-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tap-create.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tap-extract-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tap-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/task-attempt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/task-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/task-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/terminator_horiz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/terminator_vert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text-speak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text_subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/text_superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tiny-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tiny-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tool-animator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tool-pointer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tool_curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tool_elliptical_selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tool_polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/tools-wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transfers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/transform-scale.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/trash-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/twitter-profile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/udiskie-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/udiskie-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/udiskie-submenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/udiskie-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/underexposure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/upcomingevents-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/upindicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/upload-media.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/url-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/user-group-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/user-group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/user-group-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/user-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/usermenu-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/usermenu-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/usermenu-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/videoclip-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-agenda.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-time-spent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-catalog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-categories.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-certificate-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-file-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-list-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-maximized.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-media-album-cover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-media-artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-media-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-media-subtitles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-media-title.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-media-track.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-media-visualization.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pim-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pim-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pim-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pim-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-pim-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-process-all-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-process-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-process-own.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-process-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-process-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-process-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-resource-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-right-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-split-left-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-task-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-task-child-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-time-schedule-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-time-schedule-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-time-schedule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view_choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view_detailed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view_left_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view_multicolumn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view_text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view_top_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/view_tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/viewimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/viewmagfit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vinyl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/visibility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-create.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-power-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-power-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-restart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-suspend.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-tools-install-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vm_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-autoprotect-keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-checkpoint-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-checkpoint-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-manage-autostart-vms.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-marker-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-powered-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-ram-max-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-ram-max-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-ram-min-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-ram-min-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-ram-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-ram-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-replay-beginning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-replay-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-replay-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-suspended.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-view-appliance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-view-console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-view-unity-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/vmware-view-unity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/web-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window_fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/window_nofullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/x-clementine-album.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/x-clementine-artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/x-clementine-shuffle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/x-shape-connection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/x-shape-formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/x-shape-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/x-shape-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/x-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/x-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/xml-attribute-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/xml-element-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/xml-node-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/xml-node-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/xml-text-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/y-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-best-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-center-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-double-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-half-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-in-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-in-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-select-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-select-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-select-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/22/zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/Finished.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/Info-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/SuggestionError.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/SuggestionTM.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/action-rss_tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/add-files-to-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/add-folder-to-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/add-placemark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/add-subtitle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/addressbook-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/adress-book-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/akonadi-phone-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/akonadiconsole.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/albumfolder-importdir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/albumfolder-importimages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/albumfolder-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/albumfolder-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/albumfolder-user-trash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/amarok_artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/amarok_change_language.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/amarok_clock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/amarok_lyrics.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/amarok_playcount.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/amarok_playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/amarok_scripts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/application-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/appointment-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/archive-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/archive-insert-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/archive-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/archive-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/arrow-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/arrow-left-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/arrow-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/arrow-right-double.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/arrow-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/arrow-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/blueman-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/blueman-send-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/blueman-trust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/blueman-untrust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/blurimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bonobo-component-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bookmark-add-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bookmark-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bookmark-new-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bookmark-toolbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bookmark_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bookmarks-organize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bookmarks_list_add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bqm-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bqm-addqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bqm-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bqm-diff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bqm-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bqm-rmqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/bqm-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/browser-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/burst.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/button_cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/button_ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cab_extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cab_view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cell_edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/character-set.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/check-filled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/checkbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/checkmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/chronometer-lap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/chronometer-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/chronometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/clear_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/clock-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_briefview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_columnsview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_copyfullnamestoclip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_multirename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_options.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_packfiles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_syncdirs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_thumbnailsview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cm_viewhistorynext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/collapse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/collection-rescan-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/colormanagement.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/colors-luma.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/composite-track-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/configuration.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/configure-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/configure_shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/configure_toolbars.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/contexthelp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cookies.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/copy-coordinates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/currenttrack_pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/currenttrack_play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/cursor-arrow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/database-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/debug-step-into-instruction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/device.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-align-and-distribute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-filters.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-icon-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-memory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-object-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-ok-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-scripts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-selectors.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-templates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-transform.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dialog-yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dirsync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-cleanup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-decrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-edit-verify.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-encrypt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-export-ocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-export-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-import-ocal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-open-data.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-open-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-preview-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-print-direct.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-print-frame.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/document-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/documentinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/download-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/download-later.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-arrow-back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-arrow-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-arrow-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-arrow-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-ellipse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-eraser-delete-objects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-freehand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-polygon-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-triangle1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-triangle2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-triangle3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/draw-triangle4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/dynamic-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-clear-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-delete-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-delete-shred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-entry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-find-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-find-project.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-find-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-image-face-detect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-image-face-show.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-map.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edit-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/editclear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/editcopy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/editcut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/editdelete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/editimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/editpaste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edittext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/edittrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/emptytrash.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/enterprise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/entry-clone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/entry-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/equalizer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/exifinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/expand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/extract-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/favicon-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/favorite.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/favorites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-bopomofo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-vk-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-wbpy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fcitx-zhuyin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/featured-vm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/feed-subscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/file-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/file-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filefind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-album-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-bpm-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-comment-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-composer-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-dash-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-filetype-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-genre-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-group-length.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-group-tracks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-ignore-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-last-played.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-sample-rate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-track-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filename-year-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filenew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fileopen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fileprint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filequickprint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filesave.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/filesaveas.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fileview-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fill-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fitmanual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fm-compact.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fm-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fm-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fm-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/fm-thumbs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/folder-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/folder-saved-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/folder-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/folder_color_picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/folder_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/followmouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-align-vertical-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-border-style.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-disconnect-node.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-fill-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-list-ordered.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-stroke-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-code.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/format-text-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/games-config-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/games-config-custom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/games-config-options.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/games-config-theme.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/games-endturn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/games-highscores.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/games-solve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/geany-build.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/geany-close-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/geany-save-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/get-hot-new-stuff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/giggle-diff-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/giggle-history-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/giggle-remote.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/giggle-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/globe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gnome-app-install-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gnome-lockscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gnome-searchtool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gnumeric-link-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-down-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-first-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-first-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-home-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-jump-locationbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-jump-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-last-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-last-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-next-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-next-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-next-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-previous-view-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-previous-view.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-today.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/go-up-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gohome.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gpg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gpgsm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-note-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-tag-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-tag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-tags-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-tags-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-task-dismiss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-task-done.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-task-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-task-undismiss.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-task-undone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtg-work.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-authentication.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-bold.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-cdrom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-color-picker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-directory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-disconnect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-execute.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-find-and-replace.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-floppy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-go-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-go-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-goto-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-goto-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-indent-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-indent-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-index.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-italic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-justify-center.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-justify-fill.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-justify-left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-justify-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-media-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-preferences.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-select-color.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-spell-check.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/gtk-zoom-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hb-activity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hb-add-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hb-complete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hb-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hb-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hb-picture.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hb-presets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hb-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hb-showqueue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hb-source.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hb-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hb-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/help-contents-vmware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/help-contextual.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/help-donate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/help-feedback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/help-hint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/help-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/help-whatsthis.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hidemouse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/history_entry.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/hook-notifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/icon_details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/identity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-aim.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-ban-kick-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-local-xmpp.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/im-nov.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/image-adjust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/image-auto-adjust.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/image-loading.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/image-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/imagecomment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-horizontal-rule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-table-of-contents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/insert-tableofcontents.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/internet-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/internet-services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/invertimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/irc-channel-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/irc-close-channel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/irc-join-channel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/irc-operator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/irc-unvoice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/irc-voice.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/items-tags.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-copy-link.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-open-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-question.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-quit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-resize.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-rotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-tools.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-utils.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/itmages-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-add-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-align-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-align-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-deleffect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-snap.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-track-has-effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-zone-end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdenlive-zone-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kdocumentinfo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/key_enter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kfm_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kmouth-phrase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kmouth-phrasebook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/knotes_alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/knotes_date.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/knotes_delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kontes_close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kr_jumpback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kr_mountman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kr_setjumpback.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-add-feeds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-change-tracker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-check-data.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-chunks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-info-widget.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-plugins.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-queue-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-remove-feeds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-restore-defaults.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-show-statusbar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-start-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/kt-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/ktnef_extract_to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/label-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-transform-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/languages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/layer-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/lens.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/libpeas-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/lighttableadd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/list-add-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/list-resource-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/locationbar_erase.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/lpi-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/lpi-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/lpi-translate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-archive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-deleted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-encrypted-part.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-flagged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-folder-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-folder-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-forwarded-replied.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-forwarded.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-inbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-mark-important.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-mark-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-mark-unread-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-message.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-outbox.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-replied.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-reply-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-reply-custom-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-reply-custom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-reply-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-reply-sender.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-sent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-signature-unknown.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-signed-fully.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-signed-part.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-signed-verified.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-signed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-unread-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail_forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail_generic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail_reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/mail_replyall.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-album-cover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-import-audio-cd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playlist-repeat-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-playlist-repeat-song.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-repeat-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-repeat-single.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-rewind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-track-add-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-track-edit-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/media-track-remove-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/meeting-attending-tentative.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/meeting-attending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/meld-version-control.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/menu_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/menu_new_sep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/message-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/messagebox_warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/milestone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/music-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/nemo-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/new-audio-alarm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/news-subscribe.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/no-marker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/nocover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/noisereduction.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/non-starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-crop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-group-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-inverse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-order-back-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-order-back.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-order-front-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-order-front.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-order-lower-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-order-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-order-raise-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-order-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-ungroup-calligra.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/object-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/off-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/oilpaint.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/on-outline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/open-for-editing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/open-magnet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/open-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/overexposure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/package.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/page-zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/password-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/password-show-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/password-show-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pdf-annotations.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/photo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/photos-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/pin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player-time.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player_eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player_end.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player_fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player_pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player_play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player_playlist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player_record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player_rew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player_start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/player_stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/playlist-sort.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/podcast-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/podcast-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/poedit-fuzzy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/poedit-status-automatic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/poedit-status-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/poedit-status-cat-mid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/poedit-status-cat-no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/poedit-status-cat-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/poedit-status-comment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/poedit-sync.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/poedit-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/poedit-validate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/polygon-add-nodes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/polygon-merge-nodes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/postalcode.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/preferences-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/preferences-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/preflight-verifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/privatebrowsing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/project-development-close-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/project-development.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/project-open.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/quickopen-file.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/quickview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-annotate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-applypatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-asynchronous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-branch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-bug.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-changes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-checkmods.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-checkout.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-cleanup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-commit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-compare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-createpatch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-dbus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-diff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-drive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-editconflicts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-emblems.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-export.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-help.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-import.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-merge.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-monkey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-push.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-relocate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-rename.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-resolve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-run.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-show_log.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-switch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-unstage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rabbitvcs-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/radio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/ratiocrop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/recently_used.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/redhat-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/region.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/reload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/reload3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/reload_all_tabs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/reload_page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/remove-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/resource-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/revert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rhythmbox-set-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rhythmbox-unset-star.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rime-im.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/rime-latin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/routeplanning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/run-clean.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/run-install.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/search-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/select-rectangular.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/selection-bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/selection-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/selection-make-bitmap-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/selection-raise.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/selection-top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/services.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/settings-configure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/shape-choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/shear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/shoot.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/show-all-effects.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/show-dialogs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/show-grid.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/show-hidden.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/show-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/show-sidebar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/show-thumbnail-bar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/sidebar-collapse.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/sidebar-expand.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/sidebar-places.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/sidebar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/similarartists-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/slideshow-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/smallclock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/social.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/sort-presence.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/soundkonverter-replaygain.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/spacefm-find.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/speaker.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/speedometer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/split.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/star-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/star-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/starred.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/sticky_zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_about.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_add-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_calc-accept.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_calc-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_check-filled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_contact-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_cut.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_exit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_file-properites.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_file-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_first.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_folder-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_folder-move.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_folder_properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_gtk-dnd-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_insert-note.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_insert-rule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_insert-table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_last.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_left.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_mail-compose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_mail-forward.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_mail-reply.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_mail-send-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_mail-send.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_mark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_media-fwd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_media-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_media-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_media-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_media-prev.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_media-rec.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_media-rew.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_media-stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_navigator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_new-address-book.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_new-appointment.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_new-bcard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_new-dir.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_new-tab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_new-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_new-window.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_not.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_paste.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_print-preview.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_print-setup.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_print.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_redo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_refresh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_save-as.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_save.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_score-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_score-higher.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_score-highest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_score-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_score-lower.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_score-lowest.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_score-normal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_select-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_select-column.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_select-row.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_shared-by-me.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_shared-to-me.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_show-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_task-assigned-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_task-assigned.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_task-recurring.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_text-monospaced.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_thunar-shortcuts.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_timezone.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_todo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_video-conferencing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_view-details.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_volume.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_xfburn-data-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_xfburn-format-dvdrw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_yes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stock_zoom-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/stop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/story-editor.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/straight-connector.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/symbols.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/system-search-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/system-search.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tab-close-other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tab-detach.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tab.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tab_breakoff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tab_duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tab_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tab_new_bg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tab_remove.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tab_remove_other.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/table.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tag-addressbook.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tag-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tag-events.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tag-folder.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tag-people.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tag-places.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tag-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tag-reset.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tap-create.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tap-extract-to.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tap-extract.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/task-attempt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/task-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/task-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/terminator_horiz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/terminator_vert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text-speak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text_subscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/text_superscript.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tiny-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tiny-start.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/toggle_vp_y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/toggle_vp_z.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tool-animator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tool-pointer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tool_curve.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tool_elliptical_selection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tool_polygon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/tools-wizard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/top.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transfers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/transform-scale.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/trash-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/twitter-profile.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/udiskie-eject.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/udiskie-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/udiskie-submenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/udiskie-unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/underexposure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/undo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/unlock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/upcomingevents-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/upindicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/upload-media.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/url-copy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/user-group-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/user-group-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/user-group-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/user-properties.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/usermenu-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/usermenu-down.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/usermenu-up.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/videoclip-amarok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-agenda.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-time-spent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-catalog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-categories.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-certificate-sign.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-close.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-file-columns.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-group.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-history.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-list-icons.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-list.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-maximized.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-media-album-cover.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-media-artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-media-queue.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-media-subtitles.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-media-title.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-media-track.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-media-visualization.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pim-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pim-journal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pim-mail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pim-notes.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-pim-tasks.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-process-all-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-process-all.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-process-own.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-process-system.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-process-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-process-users.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-resource-calendar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-right-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-split-left-right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-task-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-task-child-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-task.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-time-schedule-edit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-time-schedule-insert.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-time-schedule.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-visible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view_choose.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view_detailed.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view_icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view_left_right.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view_multicolumn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view_text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view_top_bottom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/view_tree.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/viewimage.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/viewmagfit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vinyl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/visibility.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-create.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-download.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-power-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-power-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-restart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-suspend.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-tools-install-cancel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm-upload.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vm_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-autoprotect-keep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-checkpoint-next.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-checkpoint-previous.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-manage-autostart-vms.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-marker-add.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-powered-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-ram-max-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-ram-max-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-ram-min-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-ram-min-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-ram-recommended-bullet.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-ram-recommended-flag.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-replay-beginning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-replay-pause.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-replay-play.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-suspended.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-view-appliance.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-view-console.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-view-unity-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/vmware-view-unity.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/web-browser.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window_fullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window_new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/window_nofullscreen.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/x-clementine-album.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/x-clementine-artist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/x-clementine-shuffle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/x-shape-connection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/x-shape-formula.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/x-shape-image.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/x-shape-text.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/x-zoom-in.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/x-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/xml-attribute-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/xml-element-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/xml-node-delete.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/xml-node-duplicate.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/xml-text-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/y-zoom-out.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-best-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-center-page.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-double-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-draw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-half-size.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-in-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-in-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-select-fit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-select-x.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-select-y.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom-select.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/24/zoom.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/actions/symbolic kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/animations      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/apps            kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/categories      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/devices         kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/emblems         kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/mimetypes       kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/albert-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/antimicro-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/antimicrox_trayicon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/applications-chat-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-input-microphone-high-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-input-microphone-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-input-microphone-low-zero-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-input-microphone-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-input-microphone-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-input-microphone-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-input-microphone-none-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-output-none-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-output-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-ready.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-high-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-low-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-low-zero-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-medium-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocked-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking-headphones-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-muted-blocking.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-muted-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/audio-volume-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Am.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Av.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Az.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Be.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Bg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Bm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Bn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Br.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Bs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-By.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ch.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Cm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Cr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Cs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Da.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-De.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Dv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Dz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ee.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-En.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Eo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Es.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Et.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Fa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ff.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Fi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Fo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Fr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ga.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Gr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Gu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ha.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-He.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Hi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Hr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Hu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Hy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ie.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ig.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ik.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-In.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Is.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-It.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ja.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ka.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ki.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Kk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Km.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Kn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ko.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ku.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Lo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Lt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Lv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Md.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Mi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Mk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ml.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Mn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Mr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Mt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-My.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ne.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Nl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-No.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Or.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Pa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ph.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Pl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ps.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Pt.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ro.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ru.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Si.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sl.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sq.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sv.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sw.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Sy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ta.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Te.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Tg.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Th.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Tk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Tn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Tr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Uk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Ur.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Uz.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Vi.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Wo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Xs.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Yo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-keyboard-Zh.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-notification-read-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-notification-read.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-notification-unread-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatana-indicator-notification-unread.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatanawebmail-messages-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/ayatanawebmail-messages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bad-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bad-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-000-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-000-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-010-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-010-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-020-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-020-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-030-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-030-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-040-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-040-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-050-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-050-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-060-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-060-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-070-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-070-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-080-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-080-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-090-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-090-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-100-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-100-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-100-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-caution-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-empty-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-full-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-full-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-good-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-good.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-low-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-medium-charging-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-medium-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-medium-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-profile-performance-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery-profile-powersave-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery_charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery_full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/battery_plugged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/blueberry-tray-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/blueberry-tray-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/blueberry-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/blueman-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/blueman-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/blueman-tray-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/blueman-tray-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/blueman-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/blueman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bluetooth-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bluetooth-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/both-bad-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/both-bad-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/both-good-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/both-good-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/both-high-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/both-high-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/both-low-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/both-low-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/brightness-medium-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/bumblebee-indicator-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/capslock-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/capslock-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/classicmenu-indicator-dark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/clipit-trayicon-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/clipman.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/com.github.eneshecan.WhatsAppForLinux-tray-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/com.github.eneshecan.WhatsAppForLinux-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connecting-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connecting-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connecting-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/connect_creating.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/connect_established.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/connect_no.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cpu-frequency-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cpufreq-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/cryptfolder-indicator-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dcraven-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dcraven-connecting.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dcraven-dnd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dcraven-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dcraven-message-new.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dcraven-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dcraven-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/dcraven-xa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/desktopconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/device-notifier-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/diodon-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/disk-quota.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/drive-harddisk-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/drive-removable-media-usb-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/drive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/drive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/empathy-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/empathy-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/empathy-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/empathy-extended-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/empathy-invisible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/empathy-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-bopomofo-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-kbd-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-wbpy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fcitx-zhuyin-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/fluxgui-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/glipper.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gnome-netstatus-disconn.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gnome-netstatus-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gnome-netstatus-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gnome-netstatus-rx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gnome-netstatus-tx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gnome-netstatus-txrx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gnote-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/good-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/good-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/google-chrome-no-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/google-chrome-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/google-hangouts-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ac-adapter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-000-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-020-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-040-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-060-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-080-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-100-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-empty.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-battery-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-brightness-lcd.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-keyboard-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-keyboard-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-keyboard-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-keyboard-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-keyboard-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-keyboard-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-mouse-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-mouse-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-mouse-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-mouse-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-mouse-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-mouse-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-phone-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-phone-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-phone-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-phone-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-phone-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-phone-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-000-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-020-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-040-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-060-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-080-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-100-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-primary-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-000-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-020-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-040-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-060-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-080-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-100-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gpm-ups-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gsd-xrandr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gsm-3g-full-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gsm-3g-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gsm-3g-high-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gsm-3g-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gsm-3g-low-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gsm-3g-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gsm-3g-medium-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gsm-3g-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gsm-3g-none-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gsm-3g-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/gtk-dialog-authentication-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/guake-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/haguichi-connecting-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/hexchat-fileoffer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/hexchat-message.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/high-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/high-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/idle-bad-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/idle-bad-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/idle-good-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/idle-good-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/idle-high-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/idle-high-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/idle-low-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/idle-low-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-21.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-23.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-21.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-23.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-26.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-27.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-28.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-29.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-30.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-31.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-33.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-34.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-35.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-21.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-23.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-26.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-27.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-28.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-29.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-30.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-31.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-18.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-19.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-21.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-22.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-23.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-24.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-26.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-27.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-11.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-12.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-13.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-14.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-15.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-16.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-17.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-keyboard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-messages.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-rss-aware-attention.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-rss-aware.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/indicator-stickynotes-mono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/input-caps-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/input-num-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/kazam-paused.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/kazam-recording.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/kdeconnect-tray-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/kdeconnect-tray.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/kdeconnectindicatordark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keepassxc-dark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keepassxc-monochrome-dark-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keepassxc-monochrome-dark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keepassxc-monochrome-light-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keepassxc-monochrome-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/keepassxc-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-modem-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-modem-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-modem-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-modem-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-modem-transmit-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-modem-transmit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-monitor-transmit-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-network-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-network-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-network-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-network-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-network-transmit-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-network-transmit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-wireless-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-wireless-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-wireless-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-wireless-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-wireless-transmit-receive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/knemo-wireless-transmit.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/low-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/low-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mate-sensors-applet-battery.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mate-sensors-applet-case.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mate-sensors-applet-chip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mate-sensors-applet-cpu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mate-sensors-applet-drive-harddisk.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mate-sensors-applet-fan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mate-sensors-applet-gpu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mate-sensors-applet-memory.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mic-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mic-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/msd-xrandr.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/mullvad-tray-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-bluetooth-activated-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-bluetooth-activated.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-bluetooth-inactive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-bluetooth-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-bluetooth-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-bluetooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-excellent-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-good-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-none-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-ok-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-cellular-signal-weak-secure-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-flightmode-off-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-flightmode-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-flightmode-on-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-flightmode-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-mobile-0-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-mobile-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-mobile-100-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-mobile-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-mobile-20-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-mobile-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-mobile-40-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-mobile-40.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-mobile-60-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-mobile-60.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-mobile-80-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-mobile-80.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-unavailable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-activated-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-activated-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-activated.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-unavailable-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wired-unavailable.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-0-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-100-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-20-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-20.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-40-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-40.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-60-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-60.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-80-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-80.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-availible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-bluetooth-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-bluetooth.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-connected-00-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-connected-00.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-connected-100-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-connected-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-connected-25-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-connected-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-connected-50-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-connected-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-connected-75-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-connected-75.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-disconnected-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-disconnected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-encrypted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless-signal-weak.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/network-wireless.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-adhoc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-device-wired-autoip.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-device-wired-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-device-wired-secureoffline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-device-wired-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-device-wired.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-device-wireless.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-device-wwan.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-no-connection-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-no-connection.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-secure-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-0-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-00-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-00-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-00.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-100-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-100-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-25-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-25-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-50-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-50-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-75-secure.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-75-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-signal-75.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-tech-lte.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/nm-vpn-active-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/no-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-active-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notification-inactive-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notifications-disabled-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/notifications-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/numlock-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/numlock-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/octopi-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/onboard-mono.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/optimus-tray-intel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/optimus-tray-nvidia.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-monochrome-dark-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-monochrome-dark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-monochrome-light-locked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-monochrome-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/org.keepassxc.KeePassXC-unlocked.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/overgrive-app-ind-con-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/overgrive-app-ind-sleep.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/overgrive-app-ind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pamac-tray-no-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pamac-tray-update.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pidgin-tray-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pidgin-tray-away.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pidgin-tray-busy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pidgin-tray-connect.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pidgin-tray-invisible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pidgin-tray-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pidgin-tray-pending.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pidgin-tray-xa.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pithos-tray-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/preferences-desktop-display-randr-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/preferences-system-bluetooth-active.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/preferences-system-bluetooth-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/printer-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pushbullet-indicator-transparent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/pushbullet-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qbittorrent-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qbittorrent-tray-dark.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/qbittorrent-tray-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/radiotray-ng-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/radiotray-ng-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/receiving-bad-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/receiving-bad-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/receiving-good-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/receiving-good-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/receiving-high-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/receiving-high-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/receiving-low-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/receiving-low-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/record-desktop-indicator-recording.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/record-desktop-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/redshift-status-day-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/redshift-status-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/redshift-status-off-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/redshift-status-on-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rhythmbox-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rhythmbox-notplaying.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rocketchat-tray-1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rocketchat-tray-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rocketchat-tray-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rocketchat-tray-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rocketchat-tray-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rocketchat-tray-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rocketchat-tray-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rocketchat-tray-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rocketchat-tray-9-plus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rocketchat-tray-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rsibreak0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rsibreak1.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rsibreak2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rsibreak3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rsibreak4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/rsibreakx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/scc-alive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/scrllock-off.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/scrllock-on.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/si-syncthing-0.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-25.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-50.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-75.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-unread-10.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-unread-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-unread-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-unread-4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-unread-5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-unread-6.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-unread-7.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-unread-8.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/signal-unread-9.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/simplescreenrecorder-idle.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-connected.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-connecting-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-connecting-3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-invisible-notification.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/skype-status-invisible.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/software-update-available.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/software-update-urgent.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/spotify-linux-32.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/start-here-kde-symbolic.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/stock_weather-cloudy.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/stock_weather-few-clouds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/stock_weather-fog.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/stock_weather-night-clear.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/stock_weather-showers.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/stock_weather-snow.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/stock_weather-storm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/strawberry-panel-grey.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/system-devices-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/system-devices-panel-information.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/system-shutdown-panel-restart.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/system-shutdown-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/system-software-update-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teams-tray-offshift.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/teams-tray-onshift.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/todo-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tomboy-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/touchpad-indicator-light-disabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/touchpad-indicator-light-enabled.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/touchpad-indicator-light.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/transmission-tray-icon.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/transmitting-bad-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/transmitting-bad-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/transmitting-good-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/transmitting-good-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/transmitting-high-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/transmitting-high-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/transmitting-low-signal-lock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/transmitting-low-signal.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tray-message.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tray-new-im.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tray-offline.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/tray-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/updates-notifier-inactive.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/updates-notifier.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-available-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-away-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-busy-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-idle-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-invisible-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-offline-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/user-online.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/volume-level-high-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/volume-level-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/volume-level-low-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/volume-level-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/volume-level-medium-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/volume-level-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/volume-level-muted-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/volume-level-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/volume-level-none-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/volume-level-none.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-010.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-030.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-050.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-070.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-090.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-110.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-120.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-130.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-140.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-150.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-160.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-170.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-180.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-190.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-200.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-210.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-220.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-230.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-240.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-250.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-260.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-270.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-280.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-290.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-300.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-310.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-320.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-330.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-340.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clear-night-350.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-clouds-wind-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-010.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-030.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-050.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-070.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-090.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-110.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-120.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-130.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-140.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-150.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-160.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-170.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-180.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-190.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-200.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-210.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-220.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-230.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-240.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-250.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-260.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-270.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-280.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-290.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-300.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-310.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-320.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-330.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-340.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-night-350.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-wind-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-few-clouds-wind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-hail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-many-clouds-wind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-many-clouds.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-mist.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-overcast-wind.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-showers-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-showers-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-showers-scattered-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-showers-scattered-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-snow-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-snow-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-snow-scattered-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-snow-scattered-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-storm-day.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/weather-storm-night.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/wired.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce-newmail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce-nomail.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-battery-critical-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-battery-critical.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-battery-full-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-battery-full.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-battery-low-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-battery-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-battery-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-battery-ok-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-battery-ok.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin-warning.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-fsguard-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-mixer-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-mixer-no-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-mixer-no-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-mixer-record.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-low-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-medium.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-muted.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-ultra-low.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-mixer-volume-very-high.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfce4-notes-plugin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-keyboard-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-keyboard-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-keyboard-030.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-keyboard-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-keyboard-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-keyboard-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-keyboard-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-mouse-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-mouse-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-mouse-030.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-mouse-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-mouse-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-mouse-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-mouse-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-phone-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-phone-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-phone-030.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-phone-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-phone-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-phone-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-phone-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-000-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-020-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-040-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-060-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-080-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-100-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-primary-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-000-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-000.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-020-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-020.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-040-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-040.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-060-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-060.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-080-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-080.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-100-charging.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-100.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-charged.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xfpm-ups-missing.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/xkbmod-indicator.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yd-busy2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yd-busy3.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yd-busy4.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yd-busy5.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yum-indicator-error.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yum-indicator-info.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yum-indicator-no-updates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yum-indicator-updates.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/yum-indicator-working.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/panel/zeal-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/places          kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Blue-Light/status          kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/MidnightCommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/Thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/athena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/caja-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/computer-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/d3lphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/dde-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/dev.tchx84.Portfolio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/dock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/dockbarx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/file-system-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/fma-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-commander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/kfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader_user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/marlin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/mc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/mucommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/nemo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.win7showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.Gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/panel-applets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/show-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/sparkleshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-progress-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/user-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/apps/scalable/xubuntu-logo-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-ccdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-desktop-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/other-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop-standard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Light/apps           kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Green-Light/places         kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/MidnightCommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/Thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/athena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/caja-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/computer-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/d3lphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/dde-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/dev.tchx84.Portfolio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/dock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/dockbarx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/file-system-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/fma-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-commander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/kfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader_user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/marlin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/mc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/mucommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/nemo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.win7showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.Gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/panel-applets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/show-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/sparkleshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-progress-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/user-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/apps/scalable/xubuntu-logo-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-ccdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-desktop-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/other-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop-standard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Light/apps          kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Orange-Light/places        kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/MidnightCommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/Thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/athena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/caja-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/computer-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/d3lphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/dde-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/dev.tchx84.Portfolio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/dock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/dockbarx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/file-system-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/fma-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-commander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/kfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader_user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/marlin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/mc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/mucommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/nemo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.win7showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.Gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/panel-applets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/show-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/sparkleshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-progress-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/user-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/apps/scalable/xubuntu-logo-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-ccdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-desktop-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/other-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop-standard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Light/apps            kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Pink-Light/places          kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/MidnightCommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/Thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/athena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/caja-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/computer-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/d3lphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/dde-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/dev.tchx84.Portfolio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/dock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/dockbarx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/file-system-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/fma-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-commander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/kfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader_user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/marlin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/mc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/mucommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/nemo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.win7showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.Gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/panel-applets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/show-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/sparkleshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-progress-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/user-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/apps/scalable/xubuntu-logo-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-ccdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-desktop-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/other-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop-standard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Light/apps          kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Purple-Light/places        kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/MidnightCommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/Thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/athena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/caja-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/computer-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/d3lphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/dde-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/dev.tchx84.Portfolio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/dock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/dockbarx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/file-system-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/fma-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-commander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/kfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader_user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/marlin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/mc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/mucommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/nemo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.win7showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.Gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/panel-applets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/show-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/sparkleshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-progress-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/user-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/apps/scalable/xubuntu-logo-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-ccdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-desktop-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/other-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop-standard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Light/apps             kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Red-Light/places           kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/MidnightCommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/Thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/athena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/caja-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/computer-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/d3lphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/dde-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/dev.tchx84.Portfolio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/dock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/dockbarx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/file-system-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/fma-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-commander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/kfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader_user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/marlin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/mc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/mucommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/nemo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.win7showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.Gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/panel-applets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/show-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/sparkleshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-progress-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/user-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/apps/scalable/xubuntu-logo-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-ccdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-desktop-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/other-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop-standard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Light/apps           kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Slate-Light/places         kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/MidnightCommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/Thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/athena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/caja-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/computer-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/d3lphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/dde-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/dev.tchx84.Portfolio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/dock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/dockbarx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/file-system-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/fma-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-commander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/kfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader_user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/marlin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/mc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/mucommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/nemo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.win7showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.Gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/panel-applets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/show-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/sparkleshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-progress-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/user-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/apps/scalable/xubuntu-logo-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-ccdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-desktop-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/other-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop-standard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Light/apps            kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Teal-Light/places          kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/MidnightCommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/Thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/athena.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/caja-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/computer-laptop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/d3lphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/dde-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/deepin-show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/dev.tchx84.Portfolio.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/dock.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/dockbarx.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/file-system-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/fma-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-commander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/gnome-dev-computer.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/go-home.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/kfm.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user-2.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader-user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/krusader_user.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/marlin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/mc.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/mucommander.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions-config-tool.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus-actions.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/nemo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.Nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.files.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.gnome.nautilus.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.dolphin.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.kde.plasma.win7showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.sparkleshare.SparkleShare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.Gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.gigolo.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/org.xfce.xfdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/panel-applets.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/redhat-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/show-background.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/sparkleshare.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-manager-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/system-file-progress-panel.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar-settings.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/thunar.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/user-file-manager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/xfce-filemanager.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/apps/scalable/xubuntu-logo-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/cs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-ccdesktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-desktop-config.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/gnome-fs-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/other-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/show-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop-standard.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Dark/places/scalable/user-desktop.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Light/apps          kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/Flat-Remix-Yellow-Light/places        kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/kali-panel-menu-large.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/kali-panel-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/xubuntu-logo-menu.svg kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css       kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-4.0/assets             kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gnome-shell/assets        kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-3.0/assets            kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-4.0/assets            kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-4.0/assets      kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-3.0/assets     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-4.0/assets     kali-icon-theme
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/linuxdeploy                                   linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/runlinux                                      linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/x11                                           linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/libexec/linuxdeploy/linuxdeploy.apk               linuxdeploy
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/proot-distro/kali.sh                          proot-distro-kali
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/git-repo                                      repo-manager
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/repo-index                                    repo-manager
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/repo-manager                                  repo-manager
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/srlocks                                       srlocks
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/srtool                                        srtool
