usr/local/bin/ngrok                                                              ngrok-sr
usr/share/appdata/code.appdata.xml                                               vscode-data
usr/share/code/icudtl.dat                                                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/libEGL.so                                                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/libGLESv2.so                                                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/libffmpeg.so                                                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/libvk_swiftshader.so                                              vscode-data
usr/share/code/libvulkan.so.1                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/af.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/am.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/ar.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/bg.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/bn.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/ca.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/cs.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/da.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/de.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/el.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/en-GB.pak                                                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/en-US.pak                                                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/es-419.pak                                                vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/es.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/et.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/fa.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/fi.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/fil.pak                                                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/fr.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/gu.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/he.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/hi.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/hr.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/hu.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/id.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/it.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/ja.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/kn.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/ko.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/lt.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/lv.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/ml.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/mr.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/ms.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/nb.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/nl.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/pl.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/pt-BR.pak                                                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/pt-PT.pak                                                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/ro.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/ru.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/sk.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/sl.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/sr.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/sv.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/sw.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/ta.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/te.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/th.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/tr.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/uk.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/ur.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/vi.pak                                                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/zh-CN.pak                                                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/locales/zh-TW.pak                                                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/LICENSE.rtf                                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/ThirdPartyNotices.txt                               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/bat/language-configuration.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/bat/package.json                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/bat/package.nls.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/bat/snippets/batchfile.code-snippets     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/bat/syntaxes/batchfile.tmLanguage.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/clojure/language-configuration.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/clojure/package.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/clojure/package.nls.json                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/clojure/syntaxes/clojure.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/coffeescript/language-configuration.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/coffeescript/package.json                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/coffeescript/package.nls.json            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/coffeescript/snippets/coffeescript.code-snippets vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/coffeescript/syntaxes/coffeescript.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/configuration-editing/dist/configurationEditingMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/configuration-editing/dist/configurationEditingMain.js.LICENSE.txt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/configuration-editing/images/icon.png    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/configuration-editing/package.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/configuration-editing/package.nls.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/configuration-editing/schemas/attachContainer.schema.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/cpp/language-configuration.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/cpp/package.json                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/cpp/package.nls.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/cpp/snippets/c.code-snippets             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/cpp/snippets/cpp.code-snippets           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/cpp/syntaxes/c.tmLanguage.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/cpp/syntaxes/cpp.embedded.macro.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/cpp/syntaxes/cpp.tmLanguage.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/cpp/syntaxes/cuda-cpp.tmLanguage.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/cpp/syntaxes/platform.tmLanguage.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/csharp/language-configuration.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/csharp/package.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/csharp/package.nls.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/csharp/snippets/csharp.code-snippets     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/csharp/syntaxes/csharp.tmLanguage.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css/language-configuration.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css/package.json                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css/package.nls.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css/syntaxes/css.tmLanguage.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css-language-features/README.md          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css-language-features/client/dist/node/cssClientMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css-language-features/icons/css.png      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css-language-features/package.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css-language-features/package.nls.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css-language-features/schemas/package.schema.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css-language-features/server/dist/node/85.cssServerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css-language-features/server/dist/node/920.cssServerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css-language-features/server/dist/node/cssServerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/css-language-features/server/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/dart/language-configuration.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/dart/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/dart/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/dart/syntaxes/dart.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/debug-auto-launch/dist/extension.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/debug-auto-launch/media/icon.png         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/debug-auto-launch/package.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/debug-auto-launch/package.nls.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/debug-server-ready/dist/extension.js     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/debug-server-ready/media/icon.png        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/debug-server-ready/package.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/debug-server-ready/package.nls.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/diff/language-configuration.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/diff/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/diff/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/diff/syntaxes/diff.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/docker/language-configuration.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/docker/package.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/docker/package.nls.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/docker/syntaxes/docker.tmLanguage.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/emmet/README.md                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/emmet/dist/node/emmetNodeMain.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/emmet/images/icon.png                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/emmet/package.json                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/emmet/package.nls.json                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/extension-editing/dist/extensionEditingMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/extension-editing/images/icon.png        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/extension-editing/package.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/extension-editing/package.nls.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/fsharp/language-configuration.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/fsharp/package.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/fsharp/package.nls.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/fsharp/snippets/fsharp.code-snippets     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/fsharp/syntaxes/fsharp.tmLanguage.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/README.md                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/dist/askpass-empty.sh                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/dist/askpass-main.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/dist/askpass.sh                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/dist/git-editor-empty.sh             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/dist/git-editor-main.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/dist/git-editor.sh                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/dist/main.js                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/dist/main.js.LICENSE.txt             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass-empty.sh            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/dist/ssh-askpass.sh                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/package.json                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/package.nls.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/emojis.json                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/dark/status-added.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/dark/status-conflict.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/dark/status-copied.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/dark/status-deleted.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/dark/status-ignored.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/dark/status-modified.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/dark/status-renamed.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/dark/status-type-changed.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/dark/status-untracked.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/git.png              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/light/status-added.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/light/status-conflict.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/light/status-copied.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/light/status-deleted.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/light/status-ignored.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/light/status-modified.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/light/status-renamed.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/light/status-type-changed.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git/resources/icons/light/status-untracked.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git-base/README.md                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git-base/dist/extension.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git-base/languages/git-commit.language-configuration.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git-base/languages/git-rebase.language-configuration.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git-base/languages/ignore.language-configuration.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git-base/package.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git-base/package.nls.json                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git-base/resources/icons/git.png         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git-base/syntaxes/git-commit.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git-base/syntaxes/git-rebase.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/git-base/syntaxes/ignore.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/README.md                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/dist/extension.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/dist/extension.js.LICENSE.txt     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/images/icon.png                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/markdown.css                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/package.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/package.nls.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/testWorkspace/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/a.md vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/testWorkspace/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/b.md vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/testWorkspace/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/x.txt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/testWorkspace/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/testWorkspace/docs/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/a.md vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/testWorkspace/docs/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/b.md vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/testWorkspace/docs/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/x.txt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/testWorkspace/docs/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/testWorkspace/some-markdown.md    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github/testWorkspace/x.txt               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github-authentication/README.md          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github-authentication/dist/extension.js  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github-authentication/images/icon.png    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github-authentication/media/auth.css     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github-authentication/media/favicon.ico  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github-authentication/media/icon.png     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github-authentication/media/index.html   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github-authentication/package.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/github-authentication/package.nls.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/go/language-configuration.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/go/package.json                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/go/package.nls.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/go/syntaxes/go.tmLanguage.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/groovy/language-configuration.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/groovy/package.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/groovy/package.nls.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/groovy/snippets/groovy.code-snippets     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/groovy/syntaxes/groovy.tmLanguage.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/grunt/README.md                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/grunt/dist/main.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/grunt/images/grunt.png                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/grunt/package.json                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/grunt/package.nls.json                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/gulp/README.md                           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/gulp/dist/main.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/gulp/images/gulp.png                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/gulp/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/gulp/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/handlebars/language-configuration.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/handlebars/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/handlebars/package.nls.json              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/handlebars/syntaxes/Handlebars.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/hlsl/language-configuration.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/hlsl/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/hlsl/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/hlsl/syntaxes/hlsl.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html/language-configuration.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html/snippets/html.code-snippets         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html/syntaxes/html-derivative.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html/syntaxes/html.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html-language-features/README.md         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html-language-features/client/dist/node/htmlClientMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html-language-features/icons/html.png    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html-language-features/package.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html-language-features/package.nls.json  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html-language-features/schemas/package.schema.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html-language-features/server/dist/node/421.htmlServerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html-language-features/server/dist/node/490.htmlServerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html-language-features/server/dist/node/769.htmlServerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html-language-features/server/dist/node/htmlServerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html-language-features/server/lib/jquery.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/html-language-features/server/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ini/ini.language-configuration.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ini/package.json                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ini/package.nls.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ini/properties.language-configuration.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ini/syntaxes/ini.tmLanguage.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ipynb/README.md                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ipynb/dist/ipynbMain.node.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ipynb/dist/notebookSerializerWorker.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ipynb/media/icon.png                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ipynb/notebook-out/cellAttachmentRenderer.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ipynb/package.json                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ipynb/package.nls.json                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/jake/README.md                           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/jake/dist/main.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/jake/images/cowboy_hat.png               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/jake/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/jake/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/java/language-configuration.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/java/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/java/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/java/snippets/java.code-snippets         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/java/syntaxes/java.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/javascript/javascript-language-configuration.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/javascript/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/javascript/package.nls.json              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/javascript/snippets/javascript.code-snippets vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/javascript/syntaxes/JavaScript.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/javascript/syntaxes/JavaScriptReact.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/javascript/syntaxes/Regular Expressions (JavaScript).tmLanguage vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/javascript/tags-language-configuration.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json/language-configuration.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json/syntaxes/JSON.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json/syntaxes/JSONC.tmLanguage.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json/syntaxes/JSONL.tmLanguage.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json/syntaxes/snippets.tmLanguage.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json-language-features/README.md         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json-language-features/client/dist/node/jsonClientMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json-language-features/icons/json.png    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json-language-features/package.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json-language-features/package.nls.json  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json-language-features/server/dist/node/774.jsonServerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json-language-features/server/dist/node/875.jsonServerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json-language-features/server/dist/node/jsonServerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/json-language-features/server/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/julia/language-configuration.json        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/julia/package.json                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/julia/package.nls.json                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/julia/syntaxes/julia.tmLanguage.json     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/latex/cpp-bailout-license.txt            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/latex/latex-cpp-embedded-language-configuration.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/latex/latex-language-configuration.json  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/latex/markdown-latex-combined-language-configuration.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/latex/markdown-latex-combined-license.txt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/latex/package.json                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/latex/package.nls.json                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/latex/syntaxes/Bibtex.tmLanguage.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/latex/syntaxes/LaTeX.tmLanguage.json     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/latex/syntaxes/TeX.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/latex/syntaxes/cpp-grammar-bailout.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/latex/syntaxes/markdown-latex-combined.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/less/build/update-grammar.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/less/language-configuration.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/less/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/less/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/less/syntaxes/less.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/log/package.json                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/log/package.nls.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/log/syntaxes/log.tmLanguage.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/lua/language-configuration.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/lua/package.json                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/lua/package.nls.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/lua/syntaxes/lua.tmLanguage.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/make/language-configuration.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/make/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/make/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/make/syntaxes/make.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-basics/language-configuration.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-basics/package.json             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-basics/package.nls.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-basics/snippets/markdown.code-snippets vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-basics/syntaxes/markdown.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/README.md     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/dist/extension.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/dist/serverWorkerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/dist/serverWorkerMain.js.LICENSE.txt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/icon.png      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/media/highlight.css vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/media/index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/media/markdown.css vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/media/pre.js  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/media/preview-dark.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/media/preview-light.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/notebook-out/index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/package.json  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/package.nls.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-language-features/schemas/package.schema.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/README.md                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/dist/extension.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/icon.png                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_AMS-Regular.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Bold.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Caligraphic-Regular.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Bold.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Fraktur-Regular.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Bold.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Main-BoldItalic.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Italic.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Main-Regular.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Math-BoldItalic.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Math-Italic.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Bold.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Italic.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_SansSerif-Regular.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Script-Regular.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Size1-Regular.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Size2-Regular.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Size3-Regular.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Size4-Regular.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/fonts/KaTeX_Typewriter-Regular.woff2 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/katex.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/notebook-out/katex.min.css vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/package.json               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/package.nls.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/preview-styles/index.css   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/syntaxes/md-math-block.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/syntaxes/md-math-fence.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/syntaxes/md-math-inline.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/markdown-math/syntaxes/md-math.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/README.md                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/dist/extension.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/icon.png                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/media/audioPreview.css     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/media/audioPreview.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/media/imagePreview.css     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/media/imagePreview.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/media/loading-dark.svg     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/media/loading-hc.svg       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/media/loading.svg          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/media/videoPreview.css     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/media/videoPreview.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/package.json               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/media-preview/package.nls.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/merge-conflict/README.md                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/merge-conflict/dist/mergeConflictMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/merge-conflict/media/icon.png            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/merge-conflict/package.json              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/merge-conflict/package.nls.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/microsoft-authentication/README.md       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/microsoft-authentication/dist/extension.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/microsoft-authentication/dist/extension.js.LICENSE.txt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/microsoft-authentication/media/auth.css  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/microsoft-authentication/media/favicon.ico vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/microsoft-authentication/media/icon.png  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/microsoft-authentication/media/index.html vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/microsoft-authentication/package.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/microsoft-authentication/package.nls.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/LICENSE.txt           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/ThirdPartyNotices.txt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/package.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/package.nls.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/readme.md             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/dark/configure.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/dark/connect.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/dark/disconnect.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/dark/node.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/dark/open-file.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/dark/page.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/dark/pause.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/dark/restart.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/dark/resume.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/dark/service-worker.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/dark/stop-profiling.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/dark/stop.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/dark/worker.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/light/configure.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/light/connect.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/light/disconnect.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/light/node.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/light/open-file.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/light/page.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/light/pause.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/light/restart.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/light/resume.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/light/service-worker.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/light/stop.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/light/worker.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/logo.png    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/logo.svg    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/auto-attach.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/conditional-exception-breakpoints.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/exclude-caller.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/flame-chart.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/instrumentation-breakpoints.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/instrumentation-breakpoints2.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/logo-with-text.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/network-view.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/pretty-print.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/returnvalue.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/top-level-await.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/wasm-dwarf.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/web-worker.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/resources/readme/webview2.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/src/bootloader.js     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/src/chromehash_bg.wasm vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/src/diagnosticTool.css vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/src/diagnosticTool.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/src/extension.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/src/hash.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/src/renameWorker.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/src/targets/node/terminateProcess.sh vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/src/ui/basic-wat.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/src/vendor/acorn-loose.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/src/vendor/acorn.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/src/w32appcontainertokens-XTRA77NA.node vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug/src/watchdog.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug-companion/LICENSE.txt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug-companion/README.md   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug-companion/SECURITY.md vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug-companion/ThirdPartyNotices.txt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug-companion/ci.yml      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug-companion/eslint.config.mjs vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug-companion/out/extension.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug-companion/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.js-debug-companion/resources/logo.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/README.md vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/ThirdPartyNotices.txt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/ci.yml vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/out/425.heapsnapshotWorker.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/out/848.extension.web.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/out/a443ca1a33b96237dd48.module.wasm vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/out/cpu-client.bundle.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/out/dbd61d846b1102299709.module.wasm vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/out/extension.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/out/extension.web.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/out/heap-client.bundle.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/out/heapsnapshot-client.bundle.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/out/heapsnapshotWorker.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/resources/icon.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ms-vscode.vscode-js-profile-table/tsconfig.browser.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/@parcel/node-addon-api/node_api.Makefile vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/@parcel/node-addon-api/nothing.target.mk vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/cancellationToken.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/cs/diagnosticMessages.generated.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/de/diagnosticMessages.generated.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/es/diagnosticMessages.generated.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/fr/diagnosticMessages.generated.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/it/diagnosticMessages.generated.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/ja/diagnosticMessages.generated.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/ko/diagnosticMessages.generated.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.d.ts     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.decorators.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.decorators.legacy.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.dom.asynciterable.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.dom.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.dom.iterable.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2015.collection.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2015.core.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2015.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2015.generator.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2015.iterable.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2015.promise.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2015.proxy.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2015.reflect.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2015.symbol.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2015.symbol.wellknown.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2016.array.include.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2016.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2016.full.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2016.intl.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2017.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2017.date.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2017.full.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2017.intl.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2017.object.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2017.sharedmemory.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2017.string.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2017.typedarrays.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2018.asyncgenerator.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2018.asynciterable.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2018.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2018.full.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2018.intl.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2018.promise.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2018.regexp.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2019.array.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2019.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2019.full.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2019.intl.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2019.object.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2019.string.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2019.symbol.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2020.bigint.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2020.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2020.date.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2020.full.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2020.intl.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2020.number.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2020.promise.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2020.sharedmemory.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2020.string.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2020.symbol.wellknown.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2021.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2021.full.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2021.intl.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2021.promise.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2021.string.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2021.weakref.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2022.array.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2022.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2022.error.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2022.full.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2022.intl.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2022.object.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2022.regexp.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2022.sharedmemory.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2022.string.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2023.array.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2023.collection.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2023.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2023.full.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es2023.intl.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es5.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.es6.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.esnext.array.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.esnext.collection.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.esnext.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.esnext.decorators.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.esnext.disposable.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.esnext.full.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.esnext.intl.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.esnext.iterator.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.esnext.object.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.esnext.promise.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.esnext.regexp.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.esnext.string.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.scripthost.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.webworker.asynciterable.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.webworker.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.webworker.importscripts.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/lib.webworker.iterable.d.ts vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/pl/diagnosticMessages.generated.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/pt-br/diagnosticMessages.generated.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/ru/diagnosticMessages.generated.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/tr/diagnosticMessages.generated.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/tsserver.js  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/typesMap.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/typingsInstaller.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/watchGuard.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/zh-cn/diagnosticMessages.generated.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/lib/zh-tw/diagnosticMessages.generated.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/node_modules/typescript/package.json     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/notebook-renderers/README.md             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/notebook-renderers/media/icon.png        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/notebook-renderers/package.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/notebook-renderers/package.nls.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/notebook-renderers/renderer-out/index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/npm/README.md                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/npm/dist/npmMain.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/npm/dist/npmMain.js.LICENSE.txt          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/npm/images/code.svg                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/npm/images/npm_icon.png                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/npm/package.json                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/npm/package.nls.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/objective-c/language-configuration.json  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/objective-c/package.json                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/objective-c/package.nls.json             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/objective-c/syntaxes/objective-c++.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/objective-c/syntaxes/objective-c.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/perl/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/perl/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/perl/perl.language-configuration.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/perl/perl6.language-configuration.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/perl/syntaxes/perl.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/perl/syntaxes/perl6.tmLanguage.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/php/language-configuration.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/php/package.json                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/php/package.nls.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/php/snippets/php.code-snippets           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/php/syntaxes/html.tmLanguage.json        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/php/syntaxes/php.tmLanguage.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/php-language-features/README.md          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/php-language-features/dist/phpMain.js    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/php-language-features/icons/logo.png     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/php-language-features/package.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/php-language-features/package.nls.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/powershell/language-configuration.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/powershell/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/powershell/package.nls.json              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/powershell/syntaxes/powershell.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/pug/language-configuration.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/pug/package.json                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/pug/package.nls.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/pug/syntaxes/pug.tmLanguage.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/python/language-configuration.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/python/package.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/python/package.nls.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/python/syntaxes/MagicPython.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/python/syntaxes/MagicRegExp.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/r/language-configuration.json            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/r/package.json                           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/r/package.nls.json                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/r/syntaxes/r.tmLanguage.json             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/razor/build/update-grammar.mjs           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/razor/language-configuration.json        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/razor/package.json                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/razor/package.nls.json                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/razor/syntaxes/cshtml.tmLanguage.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/references-view/README.md                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/references-view/dist/extension.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/references-view/media/demo.png           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/references-view/media/icon.png           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/references-view/package.json             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/references-view/package.nls.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/restructuredtext/language-configuration.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/restructuredtext/package.json            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/restructuredtext/package.nls.json        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/restructuredtext/syntaxes/rst.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ruby/language-configuration.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ruby/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ruby/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/ruby/syntaxes/ruby.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/rust/build/update-grammar.mjs            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/rust/language-configuration.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/rust/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/rust/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/rust/syntaxes/rust.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/scss/language-configuration.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/scss/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/scss/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/scss/syntaxes/sassdoc.tmLanguage.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/scss/syntaxes/scss.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/search-result/README.md                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/search-result/dist/extension.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/search-result/dist/media/refresh-dark.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/search-result/dist/media/refresh-light.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/search-result/images/icon.png            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/search-result/package.json               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/search-result/package.nls.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/search-result/syntaxes/searchResult.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/shaderlab/language-configuration.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/shaderlab/package.json                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/shaderlab/package.nls.json               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/shaderlab/syntaxes/shaderlab.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/shellscript/language-configuration.json  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/shellscript/package.json                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/shellscript/package.nls.json             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/shellscript/syntaxes/shell-unix-bash.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/simple-browser/README.md                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/simple-browser/dist/extension.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/simple-browser/media/codicon.css         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/simple-browser/media/icon.png            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/simple-browser/media/index.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/simple-browser/media/main.css            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/simple-browser/media/preview-dark.svg    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/simple-browser/media/preview-light.svg   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/simple-browser/package.json              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/simple-browser/package.nls.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/sql/language-configuration.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/sql/package.json                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/sql/package.nls.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/sql/syntaxes/sql.tmLanguage.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/swift/language-configuration.json        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/swift/package.json                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/swift/package.nls.json                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/swift/snippets/swift.code-snippets       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/swift/syntaxes/swift.tmLanguage.json     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-abyss/package.json                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-abyss/package.nls.json             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-abyss/themes/abyss-color-theme.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/fileicons/images/document-dark.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/fileicons/images/document-light.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/fileicons/images/folder-dark.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/fileicons/images/folder-light.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/fileicons/images/folder-open-dark.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/fileicons/images/folder-open-light.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/fileicons/images/root-folder-dark.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/fileicons/images/root-folder-light.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/fileicons/images/root-folder-open-dark.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/fileicons/images/root-folder-open-light.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/fileicons/vs_minimal-icon-theme.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/package.json              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/package.nls.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/themes/dark_modern.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/themes/dark_plus.json     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/themes/dark_vs.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/themes/hc_black.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/themes/hc_light.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/themes/light_modern.json  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/themes/light_plus.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-defaults/themes/light_vs.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-kimbie-dark/package.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-kimbie-dark/package.nls.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-kimbie-dark/themes/kimbie-dark-color-theme.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-monokai/package.json               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-monokai/package.nls.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-monokai/themes/monokai-color-theme.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-monokai-dimmed/package.json        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-monokai-dimmed/package.nls.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-monokai-dimmed/themes/dimmed-monokai-color-theme.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-quietlight/package.json            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-quietlight/package.nls.json        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-quietlight/themes/quietlight-color-theme.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-red/package.json                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-red/package.nls.json               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-red/themes/Red-color-theme.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-seti/README.md                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-seti/ThirdPartyNotices.txt         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-seti/icons/seti-circular-128x128.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-seti/icons/seti.woff               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-seti/icons/vs-seti-icon-theme.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-seti/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-seti/package.nls.json              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-solarized-dark/package.json        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-solarized-dark/package.nls.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-solarized-dark/themes/solarized-dark-color-theme.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-solarized-light/package.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-solarized-light/package.nls.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-solarized-light/themes/solarized-light-color-theme.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-tomorrow-night-blue/package.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-tomorrow-night-blue/package.nls.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/theme-tomorrow-night-blue/themes/tomorrow-night-blue-color-theme.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/tunnel-forwarding/dist/extension.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/tunnel-forwarding/media/icon.png         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/tunnel-forwarding/package.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/tunnel-forwarding/package.nls.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-basics/language-configuration.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-basics/package.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-basics/package.nls.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-basics/snippets/typescript.code-snippets vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-basics/syntaxes/TypeScript.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-basics/syntaxes/TypeScriptReact.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-basics/syntaxes/jsdoc.js.injection.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-basics/syntaxes/jsdoc.ts.injection.tmLanguage.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-language-features/README.md   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-language-features/dist/extension.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-language-features/media/icon.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-language-features/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-language-features/package.nls.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-language-features/resources/walkthroughs/create-a-js-file.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-language-features/resources/walkthroughs/debug-and-run.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-language-features/resources/walkthroughs/install-node-js.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-language-features/resources/walkthroughs/learn-more.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-language-features/schemas/jsconfig.schema.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-language-features/schemas/package.schema.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/typescript-language-features/schemas/tsconfig.schema.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/vb/language-configuration.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/vb/package.json                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/vb/package.nls.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/vb/snippets/vb.code-snippets             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/vb/syntaxes/asp-vb-net.tmLanguage.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/xml/package.json                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/xml/package.nls.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/xml/syntaxes/xml.tmLanguage.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/xml/syntaxes/xsl.tmLanguage.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/xml/xml.language-configuration.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/xml/xsl.language-configuration.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/yaml/build/update-grammar.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/yaml/language-configuration.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/yaml/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/yaml/package.nls.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/yaml/syntaxes/yaml-1.0.tmLanguage.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/yaml/syntaxes/yaml-1.1.tmLanguage.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/yaml/syntaxes/yaml-1.2.tmLanguage.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/yaml/syntaxes/yaml-1.3.tmLanguage.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/extensions/yaml/syntaxes/yaml.tmLanguage.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/licenses/LICENSE-bul.rtf                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/licenses/LICENSE-chs.rtf                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/licenses/LICENSE-cht.rtf                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/licenses/LICENSE-deu.rtf                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/licenses/LICENSE-esp.rtf                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/licenses/LICENSE-fra.rtf                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/licenses/LICENSE-hun.rtf                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/licenses/LICENSE-ita.rtf                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/licenses/LICENSE-jpn.rtf                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/licenses/LICENSE-kor.rtf                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/licenses/LICENSE-ptb.rtf                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/licenses/LICENSE-rus.rtf                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/licenses/LICENSE-trk.rtf                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/LICENSE.TXT     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/NOTICE          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/PRIVACY         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/SECURITY.md     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/bundle/ms.core-3.2.13.gbl.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/bundle/ms.core-3.2.13.gbl.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/bundle/ms.core-3.2.13.integrity.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/bundle/ms.core-3.2.13.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/bundle/ms.core-3.2.13.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/bundle/ms.core.gbl.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/bundle/ms.core.gbl.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/bundle/ms.core.integrity.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/bundle/ms.core.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/bundle/ms.core.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/dist/ms.core.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/dist/ms.core.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/dist-esm/src/AppInsightsCore.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/dist-esm/src/BaseCore.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/dist-esm/src/DataModels.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/dist-esm/src/ESPromise.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/dist-esm/src/ESPromiseScheduler.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/dist-esm/src/Enums.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/dist-esm/src/Index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/dist-esm/src/InternalConstants.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/dist-esm/src/Utils.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/dist-esm/src/ValueSanitizer.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/package.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-core-js/tsconfig.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/LICENSE.TXT     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/NOTICE          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/PRIVACY         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/SECURITY.md     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/bundle/ms.post-3.2.13.gbl.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/bundle/ms.post-3.2.13.gbl.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/bundle/ms.post-3.2.13.integrity.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/bundle/ms.post-3.2.13.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/bundle/ms.post-3.2.13.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/bundle/ms.post.gbl.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/bundle/ms.post.gbl.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/bundle/ms.post.integrity.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/bundle/ms.post.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/bundle/ms.post.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist/ms.post.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist/ms.post.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist-esm/src/BatchNotificationActions.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist-esm/src/ClockSkewManager.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist-esm/src/DataModels.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist-esm/src/EventBatch.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist-esm/src/HttpManager.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist-esm/src/Index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist-esm/src/InternalConstants.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist-esm/src/KillSwitch.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist-esm/src/PostChannel.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist-esm/src/RetryPolicy.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist-esm/src/Serializer.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist-esm/src/TimeoutOverrideWrapper.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/dist-esm/src/typings/XDomainRequest.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/package.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/1ds-post-js/tsconfig.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/LICENSE vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/NOTICE vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/PRIVACY vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/browser/applicationinsights-core-js.integrity.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/browser/applicationinsights-core-js.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/browser/applicationinsights-core-js.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist/applicationinsights-core-js.api.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist/applicationinsights-core-js.api.md vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist/applicationinsights-core-js.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist/applicationinsights-core-js.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/AppInsightsCore.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/BaseCore.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/BaseTelemetryPlugin.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/ChannelController.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/CookieMgr.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/CoreUtils.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/DataCacheHelper.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/DbgExtensionUtils.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/DiagnosticLogger.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/EnvUtils.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/EventHelpers.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/HelperFuncs.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/InstrumentHooks.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/InternalConstants.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/NotificationManager.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/PerfManager.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/ProcessTelemetryContext.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/RandomHelper.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/TelemetryHelpers.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/TelemetryInitializerPlugin.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/UnloadHandlerContainer.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK/W3cTraceParent.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Enums/EnumHelperFuncs.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Enums/EventsDiscardedReason.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Enums/LoggingEnums.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Enums/SendRequestReason.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Enums/TelemetryUnloadReason.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Enums/TelemetryUpdateReason.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/IAppInsightsCore.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/IChannelControls.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/IConfiguration.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/ICookieMgr.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/IDbgExtension.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/IDiagnosticLogger.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/IDistributedTraceContext.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/IInstrumentHooks.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/INotificationListener.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/INotificationManager.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/IPerfEvent.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/IPerfManager.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/IProcessTelemetryContext.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/ITelemetryInitializers.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/ITelemetryItem.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/ITelemetryPlugin.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/ITelemetryPluginChain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/ITelemetryUnloadState.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/ITelemetryUpdateState.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/ITraceParent.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/JavaScriptSDK.Interfaces/IUnloadableComponent.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/__DynamicConstants.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/dist-esm/applicationinsights-core-js.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/tsconfig.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-core-js/types/tsdoc-metadata.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/LICENSE vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/NOTICE vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/browser/applicationinsights-shims.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/browser/applicationinsights-shims.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/dist/esm/applicationinsights-shims.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/dist/esm/applicationinsights-shims.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/dist/umd/applicationinsights-shims.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/dist/umd/applicationinsights-shims.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/dist-esm/Constants.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/dist-esm/Helpers.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/dist-esm/TsLibGlobals.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/dist-esm/TsLibShims.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/dist-esm/applicationinsights-shims.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/applicationinsights-shims/tsconfig.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/LICENSE     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/NOTICE      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/RELEASES.md vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/SECURITY.md vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/amd/dynamicproto-js.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/amd/dynamicproto-js.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/cjs/dynamicproto-js.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/cjs/dynamicproto-js.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/esm/dynamicproto-js.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/esm/dynamicproto-js.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/iife/dynamicproto-js.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/iife/dynamicproto-js.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/node/dynamicproto-js.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/node/dynamicproto-js.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/system/dynamicproto-js.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/system/dynamicproto-js.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/umd/dynamicproto-js.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/lib/dist/umd/dynamicproto-js.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/tools/rollup/esm/removedynamic.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@microsoft/dynamicproto-js/tools/rollup/node/removedynamic.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@parcel/node-addon-api/node_api.Makefile vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@parcel/watcher/LICENSE                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@parcel/watcher/build/Release/watcher.node vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@parcel/watcher/index.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@parcel/watcher/index.js.flow          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@parcel/watcher/package.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/LICENSE              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/dist/index.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/dist/overloaded-parameters.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/dist/types.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@tootallnate/once/package.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@types/semver/LICENSE                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@types/semver/package.json             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/deviceid/LICENSE.txt           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/deviceid/SECURITY.md           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/deviceid/azure-pipelines/azure-pipeline.yml vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/deviceid/build/Release/windows.node vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/deviceid/dist/devdeviceid.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/deviceid/dist/index.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/deviceid/dist/storage.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/deviceid/nuget.config          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/deviceid/owners.txt            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/deviceid/package.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/iconv-lite-umd/LICENSE         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/iconv-lite-umd/lib/iconv-lite-umd.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/iconv-lite-umd/package.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/node-addon-api/node_addon_api.Makefile vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/policy-watcher/LICENSE         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/policy-watcher/build/Release/vscode-policy-watcher.node vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/policy-watcher/index.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/policy-watcher/package.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/proxy-agent/LICENSE.md         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/proxy-agent/SECURITY.md        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/proxy-agent/out/agent.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/proxy-agent/out/index.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/proxy-agent/package.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/ripgrep/LICENSE                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/ripgrep/SECURITY.md            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/ripgrep/bin/rg                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/ripgrep/build/pipeline.yml     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/ripgrep/jsconfig.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/ripgrep/lib/download.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/ripgrep/lib/index.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/ripgrep/lib/postinstall.js     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/ripgrep/node_modules/yauzl/LICENSE vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/ripgrep/node_modules/yauzl/index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/ripgrep/node_modules/yauzl/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/ripgrep/package.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/spdlog/LICENSE                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/spdlog/SECURITY.md             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/spdlog/azure-pipelines/build.yml vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/spdlog/azure-pipelines/ci.yml  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/spdlog/azure-pipelines/publish.yml vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/spdlog/build/Release/spdlog.node vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/spdlog/index.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/spdlog/package.json            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/sqlite3/LICENSE                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/sqlite3/build/Release/vscode-sqlite3.node vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/sqlite3/lib/sqlite3-binding.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/sqlite3/lib/sqlite3.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/sqlite3/lib/trace.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/sqlite3/package.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/sudo-prompt/LICENSE            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/sudo-prompt/index.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/sudo-prompt/package.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/sudo-prompt/test-concurrent.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/sudo-prompt/test.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/tree-sitter-wasm/LICENSE       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/tree-sitter-wasm/SECURITY.md   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/tree-sitter-wasm/cgmanifest.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/tree-sitter-wasm/package.json  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/tree-sitter-wasm/wasm/tree-sitter-regex.wasm vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/tree-sitter-wasm/wasm/tree-sitter-typescript.wasm vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/tree-sitter-wasm/wasm/tree-sitter.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/tree-sitter-wasm/wasm/tree-sitter.wasm vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/vsce-sign/bin/vsce-sign        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/vsce-sign/package.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/vsce-sign/src/main.d.ts        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/vsce-sign/src/main.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/vscode-languagedetection/LICENSE vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/vscode-languagedetection/SECURITY.md vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/vscode-languagedetection/cli/index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/vscode-languagedetection/dist/lib/index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/vscode-languagedetection/dist/lib/index.js.LICENSE.txt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/vscode-languagedetection/model/group1-shard1of1.bin vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/vscode-languagedetection/model/model.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/vscode-languagedetection/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@vscode/windows-mutex/LICENSE          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-clipboard/LICENSE         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-clipboard/lib/addon-clipboard.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-clipboard/lib/addon-clipboard.mjs vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-clipboard/lib/addon-clipboard.mjs.map vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-clipboard/package.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/LICENSE             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/lib/addon-image.js  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/lib/addon-image.js.LICENSE.txt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/lib/addon-image.mjs vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/lib/addon-image.mjs.map vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/out/IIPHandler.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/out/IIPHeaderParser.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/out/IIPHeaderParser.test.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/out/IIPMetrics.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/out/IIPMetrics.test.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/out/ImageAddon.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/out/ImageRenderer.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/out/ImageStorage.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/out/SixelHandler.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/out/Types.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-image/package.json        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-search/LICENSE            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-search/lib/addon-search.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-search/lib/addon-search.mjs vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-search/lib/addon-search.mjs.map vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-search/package.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-serialize/lib/addon-serialize.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-serialize/lib/addon-serialize.mjs vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-serialize/lib/addon-serialize.mjs.map vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-serialize/package.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-unicode11/LICENSE         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-unicode11/lib/addon-unicode11.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-unicode11/lib/addon-unicode11.mjs vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-unicode11/lib/addon-unicode11.mjs.map vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-unicode11/package.json    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-webgl/LICENSE             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-webgl/lib/addon-webgl.js  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-webgl/lib/addon-webgl.mjs vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-webgl/lib/addon-webgl.mjs.map vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/addon-webgl/package.json        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/headless/lib-headless/xterm-headless.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/headless/lib-headless/xterm-headless.mjs vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/headless/lib-headless/xterm-headless.mjs.map vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/headless/package.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/xterm/LICENSE                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/xterm/css/xterm.css             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/xterm/lib/xterm.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/xterm/lib/xterm.mjs             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/xterm/lib/xterm.mjs.map         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/@xterm/xterm/package.json              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/agent-base/LICENSE                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/agent-base/dist/helpers.d.ts.map       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/agent-base/dist/helpers.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/agent-base/dist/index.d.ts.map         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/agent-base/dist/index.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/agent-base/package.json                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/base64-js/LICENSE                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/base64-js/base64js.min.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/base64-js/index.js                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/base64-js/package.json                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/bindings/LICENSE.md                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/bindings/bindings.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/bindings/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/bl/BufferList.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/bl/LICENSE.md                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/bl/bl.js                               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/bl/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/braces/LICENSE                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/braces/index.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/braces/lib/compile.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/braces/lib/constants.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/braces/lib/expand.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/braces/lib/parse.js                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/braces/lib/stringify.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/braces/lib/utils.js                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/braces/package.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/buffer/AUTHORS.md                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/buffer/LICENSE                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/buffer/index.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/buffer/package.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/buffer-crc32/LICENSE                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/buffer-crc32/index.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/buffer-crc32/package.json              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chownr/LICENSE                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chownr/chownr.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chownr/package.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/LICENSE        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/bin/client.js  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/chrome-remote-interface.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/index.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/lib/api.js     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/lib/chrome.js  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/lib/defaults.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/lib/devtools.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/lib/external-request.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/lib/protocol.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/lib/websocket-wrapper.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/commander/LICENSE vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/commander/Readme.md vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/commander/index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/commander/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/LICENSE vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/browser.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/lib/buffer-util.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/lib/constants.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/lib/event-target.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/lib/extension.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/lib/limiter.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/lib/permessage-deflate.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/lib/receiver.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/lib/sender.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/lib/stream.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/lib/validation.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/lib/websocket-server.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/lib/websocket.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/node_modules/ws/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/package.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/chrome-remote-interface/webpack.config.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/debug/LICENSE                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/debug/package.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/debug/src/browser.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/debug/src/common.js                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/debug/src/index.js                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/debug/src/node.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/decompress-response/index.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/decompress-response/license            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/decompress-response/node_modules/mimic-response/index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/decompress-response/node_modules/mimic-response/license vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/decompress-response/node_modules/mimic-response/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/decompress-response/package.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/deep-extend/LICENSE                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/deep-extend/index.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/deep-extend/lib/deep-extend.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/deep-extend/package.json               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/define-lazy-prop/index.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/define-lazy-prop/license               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/define-lazy-prop/package.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/detect-libc/LICENSE                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/detect-libc/lib/detect-libc.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/detect-libc/lib/process.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/detect-libc/package.json               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/end-of-stream/LICENSE                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/end-of-stream/index.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/end-of-stream/package.json             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/expand-template/LICENSE                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/expand-template/index.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/expand-template/package.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/expand-template/test.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fd-slicer/LICENSE                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fd-slicer/index.js                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fd-slicer/package.json                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/file-uri-to-path/LICENSE               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/file-uri-to-path/index.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/file-uri-to-path/package.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fill-range/LICENSE                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fill-range/index.js                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fill-range/package.json                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-constants/LICENSE                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-constants/browser.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-constants/index.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-constants/package.json              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/LICENSE                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/copy/copy-sync.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/copy/copy.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/copy/index.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/empty/index.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/ensure/file.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/ensure/index.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/ensure/link.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/ensure/symlink-paths.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/ensure/symlink-type.js    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/ensure/symlink.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/esm.mjs                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/fs/index.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/index.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/json/index.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/json/jsonfile.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/json/output-json-sync.js  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/json/output-json.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/mkdirs/index.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/mkdirs/make-dir.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/mkdirs/utils.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/move/index.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/move/move-sync.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/move/move.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/output-file/index.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/path-exists/index.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/remove/index.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/util/stat.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/lib/util/utimes.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-extra/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-minipass/LICENSE                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-minipass/index.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-minipass/node_modules/minipass/LICENSE vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-minipass/node_modules/minipass/index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-minipass/node_modules/minipass/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-minipass/node_modules/yallist/LICENSE vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-minipass/node_modules/yallist/iterator.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-minipass/node_modules/yallist/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-minipass/node_modules/yallist/yallist.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/fs-minipass/package.json               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/github-from-package/LICENSE            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/github-from-package/index.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/github-from-package/package.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/graceful-fs/LICENSE                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/graceful-fs/clone.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/graceful-fs/graceful-fs.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/graceful-fs/legacy-streams.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/graceful-fs/package.json               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/graceful-fs/polyfills.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/http-proxy-agent/LICENSE               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/http-proxy-agent/dist/index.d.ts.map   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/http-proxy-agent/dist/index.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/http-proxy-agent/package.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/LICENSE              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/dist/index.d.ts.map  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/dist/index.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/dist/parse-proxy-response.d.ts.map vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/dist/parse-proxy-response.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/https-proxy-agent/package.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ieee754/LICENSE                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ieee754/index.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ieee754/package.json                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/inherits/LICENSE                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/inherits/inherits.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/inherits/inherits_browser.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/inherits/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ini/LICENSE                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ini/ini.js                             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ini/package.json                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/LICENSE                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/address-error.d.ts.map vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/address-error.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/common.d.ts.map        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/common.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/ip-address.d.ts.map    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/ip-address.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/ipv4.d.ts.map          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/ipv4.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/ipv6.d.ts.map          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/ipv6.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/v4/constants.d.ts.map  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/v4/constants.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/v6/constants.d.ts.map  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/v6/constants.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/v6/helpers.d.ts.map    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/v6/helpers.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/v6/regular-expressions.d.ts.map vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/dist/v6/regular-expressions.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ip-address/package.json                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-docker/cli.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-docker/index.js                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-docker/license                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-docker/package.json                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-extglob/LICENSE                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-extglob/index.js                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-extglob/package.json                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-glob/LICENSE                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-glob/index.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-glob/package.json                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-number/LICENSE                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-number/index.js                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-number/package.json                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-wsl/index.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-wsl/license                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/is-wsl/package.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/js-base64/LICENSE.md                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/js-base64/base64.d.mts                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/js-base64/base64.js                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/js-base64/base64.mjs                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/js-base64/package.json                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jsbn/LICENSE                           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jsbn/example.html                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jsbn/example.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jsbn/index.js                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jsbn/package.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jschardet/CONTRIBUTORS                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jschardet/LICENSE                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jschardet/dist/jschardet.min.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jschardet/package.json                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jschardet/scripts/run-workflow.sh      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jschardet/scripts/show-size-changes.sh vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jsonfile/LICENSE                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jsonfile/index.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jsonfile/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/jsonfile/utils.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/kerberos/HISTORY.md                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/kerberos/LICENSE                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/kerberos/build/Release/kerberos.node   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/kerberos/build/Release/obj.target/kerberos.node vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/kerberos/lib/auth_processes/mongodb.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/kerberos/lib/index.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/kerberos/lib/kerberos.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/kerberos/lib/util.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/kerberos/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/micromatch/LICENSE                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/micromatch/index.js                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/micromatch/package.json                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minimist/LICENSE                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minimist/index.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minimist/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minipass/LICENSE                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minipass/index.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minipass/index.mjs                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minipass/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minizlib/LICENSE                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minizlib/constants.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minizlib/index.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minizlib/node_modules/minipass/LICENSE vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minizlib/node_modules/minipass/index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minizlib/node_modules/minipass/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minizlib/node_modules/yallist/LICENSE  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minizlib/node_modules/yallist/iterator.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minizlib/node_modules/yallist/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minizlib/node_modules/yallist/yallist.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/minizlib/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/mkdirp/LICENSE                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/mkdirp/bin/cmd.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/mkdirp/index.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/mkdirp/lib/find-made.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-manual.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/mkdirp/lib/mkdirp-native.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/mkdirp/lib/opts-arg.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/mkdirp/lib/path-arg.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/mkdirp/lib/use-native.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/mkdirp/package.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/mkdirp-classic/LICENSE                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/mkdirp-classic/index.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/mkdirp-classic/package.json            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ms/index.js                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ms/license.md                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/ms/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/napi-build-utils/LICENSE               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/napi-build-utils/index.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/napi-build-utils/index.md              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/napi-build-utils/package.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-is-elevated/LICENSE             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-is-elevated/build/Release/iselevated.node vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-is-elevated/index.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-is-elevated/package.json        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-is-elevated/tst/elevated.js     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-is-elevated/tst/normal.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-keymap/License.txt              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-keymap/PoliCheckExclusions.xml  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-keymap/SECURITY.md              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-keymap/ThirdPartyNotices.txt    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-keymap/build/Release/keymapping.node vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-keymap/index.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-keymap/package.json             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-watchdog/LICENSE                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-watchdog/SECURITY.md            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-watchdog/build/Release/watchdog.node vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-watchdog/index.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/native-watchdog/package.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-abi/LICENSE                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-abi/abi_registry.json             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-abi/index.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-abi/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-abi/scripts/update-abi-registry.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-gyp-build/LICENSE                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-gyp-build/bin.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-gyp-build/build-test.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-gyp-build/index.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-gyp-build/node-gyp-build.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-gyp-build/optional.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-gyp-build/package.json            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/LICENSE                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/build/Release/pty.node        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/lib/conpty_console_list_agent.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/lib/eventEmitter2.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/lib/index.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/lib/interfaces.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/lib/shared/conout.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/lib/terminal.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/lib/types.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/lib/unixTerminal.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/lib/utils.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/lib/windowsConoutConnection.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/lib/windowsPtyAgent.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/lib/windowsTerminal.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/lib/worker/conoutSocketWorker.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/node-addon-api/node_addon_api.Makefile vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/node-pty/package.json                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/once/LICENSE                           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/once/once.js                           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/once/package.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/open/index.js                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/open/license                           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/open/package.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/open/xdg-open                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/pend/LICENSE                           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/pend/index.js                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/pend/package.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/pend/test.js                           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/picomatch/LICENSE                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/picomatch/index.js                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/picomatch/lib/constants.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/picomatch/lib/parse.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/picomatch/lib/picomatch.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/picomatch/lib/scan.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/picomatch/lib/utils.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/picomatch/package.json                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/proxy-from-env/LICENSE                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/proxy-from-env/index.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/proxy-from-env/package.json            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/proxy-from-env/test.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/rc/LICENSE.APACHE2                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/rc/LICENSE.BSD                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/rc/LICENSE.MIT                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/rc/browser.js                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/rc/cli.js                              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/rc/index.js                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/rc/lib/utils.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/rc/node_modules/strip-json-comments/index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/rc/node_modules/strip-json-comments/license vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/rc/node_modules/strip-json-comments/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/rc/package.json                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/GOVERNANCE.md          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/LICENSE                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/errors-browser.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/errors.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/experimentalWarning.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_duplex.js  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_passthrough.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_readable.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_transform.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_writable.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/async_iterator.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/buffer_list.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/destroy.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/end-of-stream.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/from-browser.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/from.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/pipeline.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/state.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/stream-browser.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/internal/streams/stream.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/package.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/readable-browser.js    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/readable-stream/readable.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/safe-buffer/LICENSE                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/safe-buffer/index.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/safe-buffer/package.json               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/LICENSE                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/bin/semver.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/classes/comparator.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/classes/index.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/classes/range.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/classes/semver.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/clean.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/cmp.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/coerce.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/compare-build.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/compare-loose.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/compare.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/diff.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/eq.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/gt.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/gte.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/inc.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/lt.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/lte.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/major.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/minor.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/neq.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/parse.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/patch.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/prerelease.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/rcompare.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/rsort.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/satisfies.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/sort.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/functions/valid.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/index.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/internal/constants.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/internal/debug.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/internal/identifiers.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/internal/lrucache.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/internal/parse-options.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/internal/re.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/package.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/preload.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/range.bnf                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/ranges/gtr.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/ranges/intersects.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/ranges/ltr.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/ranges/max-satisfying.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/ranges/min-satisfying.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/ranges/min-version.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/ranges/outside.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/ranges/simplify.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/ranges/subset.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/ranges/to-comparators.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/semver/ranges/valid.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/simple-concat/LICENSE                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/simple-concat/index.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/simple-concat/package.json             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/simple-get/LICENSE                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/simple-get/index.js                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/simple-get/package.json                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/smart-buffer/LICENSE                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/smart-buffer/build/smartbuffer.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/smart-buffer/build/utils.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/smart-buffer/package.json              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/socks/LICENSE                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/socks/build/client/socksclient.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/socks/build/common/constants.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/socks/build/common/helpers.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/socks/build/common/receivebuffer.js    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/socks/build/common/util.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/socks/build/index.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/socks/package.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/socks-proxy-agent/LICENSE              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/socks-proxy-agent/dist/index.d.ts.map  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/socks-proxy-agent/dist/index.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/socks-proxy-agent/package.json         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/sprintf-js/CONTRIBUTORS.md             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/sprintf-js/LICENSE                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/sprintf-js/dist/angular-sprintf.min.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/sprintf-js/dist/sprintf.min.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/sprintf-js/package.json                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/sprintf-js/src/angular-sprintf.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/sprintf-js/src/sprintf.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/string_decoder/LICENSE                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/string_decoder/lib/string_decoder.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/string_decoder/package.json            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/LICENSE                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/index.js                           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/create.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/extract.js                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/get-write-flag.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/header.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/high-level-opt.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/large-numbers.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/list.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/mkdir.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/mode-fix.js                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/normalize-unicode.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/normalize-windows-path.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/pack.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/parse.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/path-reservations.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/pax.js                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/read-entry.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/replace.js                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/strip-absolute-path.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/strip-trailing-slashes.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/types.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/unpack.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/update.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/warn-mixin.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/winchars.js                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/lib/write-entry.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/node_modules/yallist/LICENSE       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/node_modules/yallist/iterator.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/node_modules/yallist/package.json  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/node_modules/yallist/yallist.js    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tar/package.json                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tas-client-umd/LICENSE                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tas-client-umd/lib/tas-client-umd.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tas-client-umd/package.json            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/to-regex-range/LICENSE                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/to-regex-range/index.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/to-regex-range/package.json            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tslib/CopyrightNotice.txt              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tslib/LICENSE.txt                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tslib/SECURITY.md                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tslib/modules/index.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tslib/modules/package.json             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tslib/package.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tslib/tslib.es6.html                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tslib/tslib.es6.js                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tslib/tslib.es6.mjs                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tslib/tslib.html                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tslib/tslib.js                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tunnel-agent/LICENSE                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tunnel-agent/index.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/tunnel-agent/package.json              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/universalify/LICENSE                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/universalify/index.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/universalify/package.json              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/util-deprecate/LICENSE                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/util-deprecate/browser.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/util-deprecate/node.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/util-deprecate/package.json            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/LICENSE.md                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/bin/uuid                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/index.js    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/md5.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/native.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/nil.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/parse.js    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/regex.js    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/rng.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/sha1.js     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/stringify.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/v1.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/v3.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/v35.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/v4.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/v5.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/validate.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/commonjs-browser/version.js  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/index.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/md5.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/native.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/nil.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/parse.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/regex.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/rng.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/sha1.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/stringify.js     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/v1.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/v3.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/v35.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/v4.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/v5.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/validate.js      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-browser/version.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/index.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/md5.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/native.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/nil.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/parse.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/regex.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/rng.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/sha1.js             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/stringify.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/v1.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/v3.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/v35.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/v4.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/v5.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/validate.js         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/esm-node/version.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/index.js                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/md5-browser.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/md5.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/native-browser.js            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/native.js                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/nil.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/parse.js                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/regex.js                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/rng-browser.js               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/rng.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/sha1-browser.js              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/sha1.js                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/stringify.js                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/uuid-bin.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/v1.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/v3.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/v35.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/v4.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/v5.js                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/validate.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/dist/version.js                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/package.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/uuid/wrapper.mjs                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/v8-inspect-profiler/LICENSE.txt        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/v8-inspect-profiler/index.js           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/v8-inspect-profiler/jsconfig.json      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/v8-inspect-profiler/package.json       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-oniguruma/LICENSE.txt           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-oniguruma/NOTICES.txt           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-oniguruma/SECURITY.md           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-oniguruma/package.json          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-oniguruma/release/main.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-oniguruma/release/onig.wasm     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-regexp-languagedetection/dist/index.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-regexp-languagedetection/package.json vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-regexpp/LICENSE                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-regexpp/index.js                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-regexpp/index.mjs               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-regexpp/index.mjs.map           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-regexpp/package.json            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-textmate/LICENSE.md             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-textmate/SECURITY.md            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-textmate/package.json           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vscode-textmate/release/main.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vsda/build/Release/vsda.node           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vsda/index.d.ts                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vsda/index.js                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vsda/package.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vsda/rust/web/package.json             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vsda/rust/web/vsda.d.ts                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vsda/rust/web/vsda.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vsda/rust/web/vsda_bg.wasm             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/vsda/rust/web/vsda_bg.wasm.d.ts        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/windows-foreground-love/LICENSE        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/windows-foreground-love/build/Release/foreground_love.node vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/windows-foreground-love/build/Release/obj.target/foreground_love.node vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/windows-foreground-love/index.js       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/windows-foreground-love/package.json   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/wrappy/LICENSE                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/wrappy/package.json                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/wrappy/wrappy.js                       vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/yauzl/LICENSE                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/yauzl/fd-slicer.js                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/yauzl/index.js                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/yauzl/package.json                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/yazl/LICENSE                           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/yazl/index.js                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules/yazl/package.json                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules.asar                                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules.asar.unpacked/vsda/build/Release/vsda.node vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/node_modules.asar.unpacked/vsda/rust/web/vsda_bg.wasm vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/bootstrap-fork.js                               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/cli.js                                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/main.js                                         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/media/code-icon.svg                             vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/media/codicon.ttf                               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/media/letterpress-dark.svg                      vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/media/letterpress-hcDark.svg                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/media/letterpress-hcLight.svg                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/media/letterpress-light.svg                     vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/media/loading-dark.svg                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/media/loading-hc.svg                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/media/loading.svg                               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/media/opacity-background.png                    vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/nls.keys.json                                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/nls.messages.json                               vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/base/node/cpuUsage.sh                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/base/node/ps.sh                              vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/base/node/terminateProcess.sh                vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/base/parts/sandbox/electron-sandbox/preload-aux.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/base/parts/sandbox/electron-sandbox/preload.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/code/electron-sandbox/processExplorer/processExplorer.html vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/code/electron-sandbox/processExplorer/processExplorer.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/code/electron-sandbox/processExplorer/processExplorerMain.css vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/code/electron-sandbox/processExplorer/processExplorerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/code/electron-sandbox/workbench/workbench.html vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/code/electron-sandbox/workbench/workbench.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/code/electron-utility/sharedProcess/sharedProcessMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/code/node/cliProcessMain.js                  vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/editor/common/languages/highlights/typescript.scm vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/editor/common/services/editorSimpleWorkerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/break.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/chatRequestSent.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/chatResponseReceived1.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/chatResponseReceived2.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/chatResponseReceived3.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/chatResponseReceived4.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/clear.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/diffLineDeleted.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/diffLineInserted.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/diffLineModified.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/error.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/foldedAreas.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/format.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/progress.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/quickFixes.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/save.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/success.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/taskCompleted.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/taskFailed.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/terminalBell.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/voiceRecordingStarted.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/voiceRecordingStopped.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/accessibilitySignal/browser/media/warning.mp3 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/files/node/watcher/watcherMain.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/profiling/electron-sandbox/profileAnalysisWorkerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/platform/terminal/node/ptyHostMain.js        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/api/node/extensionHostProcess.js   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/api/worker/extensionHostWorkerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/browser/parts/editor/media/back-tb.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/browser/parts/editor/media/forward-tb.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/debug/browser/media/continue-tb.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/debug/browser/media/pause-tb.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/debug/browser/media/restart-tb.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/debug/browser/media/run-with-debugging-tb.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/debug/browser/media/stepinto-tb.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/debug/browser/media/stepout-tb.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/debug/browser/media/stepover-tb.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/debug/browser/media/stop-tb.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/debug/node/telemetryApp.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/extensions/browser/media/language-icon.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/extensions/browser/media/theme-icon.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/externalTerminal/node/TerminalHelper.scpt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/externalTerminal/node/iTermHelper.scpt vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/issue/electron-sandbox/issueReporter.html vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/issue/electron-sandbox/issueReporter.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/issue/electron-sandbox/issueReporterMain.css vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/issue/electron-sandbox/issueReporterMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/notebook/common/services/notebookSimpleWorkerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/output/common/outputLinkComputerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/terminal/common/scripts/CodeTabExpansion.psm1 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/terminal/common/scripts/GitTabExpansion.psm1 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/terminal/common/scripts/fish_xdg_data/fish/vendor_conf.d/shellIntegration.fish vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/terminal/common/scripts/shellIntegration-bash.sh vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/terminal/common/scripts/shellIntegration-env.zsh vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/terminal/common/scripts/shellIntegration-login.zsh vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/terminal/common/scripts/shellIntegration-profile.zsh vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/terminal/common/scripts/shellIntegration-rc.zsh vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/terminal/common/scripts/shellIntegration.ps1 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/webview/browser/pre/fake.html vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/webview/browser/pre/index-no-csp.html vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/webview/browser/pre/index.html vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/webview/browser/pre/service-worker.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/commandPalette.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/dark-hc.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/dark.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/debug.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/extensions-web.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/extensions.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/git.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/languages.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/learn.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/light-hc.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/light.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/menuBar.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/notebookThemes/colab.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/notebookThemes/default.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/notebookThemes/jupyter.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/openFolder.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/profiles.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/runTask.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/search.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/settings.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/settingsSync.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/shortcuts.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/terminal.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/contrib/welcomeGettingStarted/common/media/workspaceTrust.svg vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/services/extensionManagement/common/media/defaultIcon.png vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/services/extensions/worker/webWorkerExtensionHostIframe.html vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/services/languageDetection/browser/languageDetectionSimpleWorkerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/services/search/worker/localFileSearchMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/services/textMate/browser/backgroundTokenization/worker/textMateTokenizationWorker.workerMain.js vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/workbench.desktop.main.css         vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vs/workbench/workbench.desktop.main.js          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/out/vscode-dts/vscode.d.ts                          vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/package.json                                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/product.json                                        vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/resources/linux/code.png                            vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/telemetry-core.json                                 vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/app/telemetry-extensions.json                           vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/completions/bash/code                                   vscode-data
usr/share/code/resources/completions/zsh/_code                                   vscode-data
usr/share/applications/code-url-handler.desktop                                  vscode
usr/share/applications/code.desktop                                              vscode
usr/share/bash-completion/completions/code                                       vscode
usr/share/code/LICENSES.chromium.html                                            vscode
usr/share/code/bin/code                                                          vscode
usr/share/code/bin/code-tunnel                                                   vscode
usr/share/code/chrome-sandbox                                                    vscode
usr/share/code/chrome_100_percent.pak                                            vscode
usr/share/code/chrome_200_percent.pak                                            vscode
usr/share/code/chrome_crashpad_handler                                           vscode
usr/share/code/code                                                              vscode
usr/share/code/resources.pak                                                     vscode
usr/share/code/snapshot_blob.bin                                                 vscode
usr/share/code/v8_context_snapshot.bin                                           vscode
usr/share/code/vk_swiftshader_icd.json                                           vscode
usr/share/mime/packages/code-workspace.xml                                       vscode
usr/share/pixmaps/vscode.png                                                     vscode
usr/share/zsh/vendor-completions/_code                                           vscode
usr/bin/vscode                                                                   vscode
