usr/local/bin/ddos                                                               ddos
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/FileExporter.py                                           ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/IpGeoLocation.py                                          ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/IpGeoLocationLib.py                                       ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/Logger.py                                                 ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/Menu.py                                                   ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/MyExceptions.py                                           ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/Utils.py                                                  ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/__init__.py                                               ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/__pycache__/FileExporter.cpython-312.pyc                  ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/__pycache__/IpGeoLocation.cpython-312.pyc                 ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/__pycache__/IpGeoLocationLib.cpython-312.pyc              ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/__pycache__/Logger.cpython-312.pyc                        ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/__pycache__/Menu.cpython-312.pyc                          ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/__pycache__/MyExceptions.cpython-312.pyc                  ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/__pycache__/Utils.cpython-312.pyc                         ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/core/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-312.pyc                      ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/ipgeolocation                                                  ipgeolocation
opt/IPGeoLocation/logs/.gitignore                                                ipgeolocation
usr/local/bin/ipgeolocation                                                      ipgeolocation
opt/seeker/Dockerfile                                                            seeker
opt/seeker/Dockerfile.dev                                                        seeker
opt/seeker/__pycache__/utils.cpython-312.pyc                                     seeker
opt/seeker/createTemplate.md                                                     seeker
opt/seeker/discord_webhook.py                                                    seeker
opt/seeker/install.sh                                                            seeker
opt/seeker/js/location.js                                                        seeker
opt/seeker/logs/info.txt                                                         seeker
opt/seeker/logs/result.txt                                                       seeker
opt/seeker/metadata.json                                                         seeker
opt/seeker/php/error.php                                                         seeker
opt/seeker/php/info.php                                                          seeker
opt/seeker/php/result.php                                                        seeker
opt/seeker/seeker                                                                seeker
opt/seeker/telegram_api.py                                                       seeker
opt/seeker/template/captcha/anchor.html                                          seeker
opt/seeker/template/captcha/css/styles__ltr.css                                  seeker
opt/seeker/template/captcha/favicon.ico                                          seeker
opt/seeker/template/captcha/fonts/KFOmCnqEu92Fr1Mu4mxK.woff2                     seeker
opt/seeker/template/captcha/images/logo_48.png                                   seeker
opt/seeker/template/captcha/index_temp.html                                      seeker
opt/seeker/template/captcha/js/main_temp.js                                      seeker
opt/seeker/template/custom_og_tags/index_temp.html                               seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/css/main.css                                          seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/fonts/Roboto-Black.ttf                                seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/fonts/Roboto-BlackItalic.ttf                          seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/fonts/Roboto-Bold.ttf                                 seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/fonts/Roboto-BoldItalic.ttf                           seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/fonts/Roboto-Italic.ttf                               seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/fonts/Roboto-Light.ttf                                seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/fonts/Roboto-LightItalic.ttf                          seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/fonts/Roboto-Medium.ttf                               seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/fonts/Roboto-MediumItalic.ttf                         seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/fonts/Roboto-Regular.ttf                              seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/fonts/Roboto-Thin.ttf                                 seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/fonts/Roboto-ThinItalic.ttf                           seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/fonts/pxiDypQkot1TnFhsFMOfGShVF9eO.woff2              seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/images/580b57fcd9996e24bc43c51f.png                   seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/images/Google-Drive-logo1.png                         seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/images/drive_favicon1.ico                             seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/images/googlelogo_color_116x41dp.png                  seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/images/locked_doc-1.svg                               seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/images/locked_doc-2.svg                               seeker
opt/seeker/template/gdrive/index_temp.html                                       seeker
opt/seeker/template/mod_captcha.py                                               seeker
opt/seeker/template/mod_custom_og_tags.py                                        seeker
opt/seeker/template/mod_gdrive.py                                                seeker
opt/seeker/template/mod_nearyou.py                                               seeker
opt/seeker/template/mod_telegram.py                                              seeker
opt/seeker/template/mod_whatsapp.py                                              seeker
opt/seeker/template/mod_whatsapp_redirect.py                                     seeker
opt/seeker/template/mod_zoom.py                                                  seeker
opt/seeker/template/nearyou/css/main.css                                         seeker
opt/seeker/template/nearyou/css/worldmap.jpg                                     seeker
opt/seeker/template/nearyou/index_temp.html                                      seeker
opt/seeker/template/nearyou/js/warpspeed.min.js                                  seeker
opt/seeker/template/sample.kml                                                   seeker
opt/seeker/template/telegram/css/bootstrap.min.css                               seeker
opt/seeker/template/telegram/css/css                                             seeker
opt/seeker/template/telegram/css/telegram.css                                    seeker
opt/seeker/template/telegram/favicon.ico                                         seeker
opt/seeker/template/telegram/images/Arrow_1x.png                                 seeker
opt/seeker/template/telegram/images/spinner.png                                  seeker
opt/seeker/template/telegram/index_temp.html                                     seeker
opt/seeker/template/templates.json                                               seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp/css/Epf3I8GM5jv.css                                 seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp/css/s9hWiNS5894.css                                 seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp/images/-r3j-x8ZnM7.svg                              seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp/images/ZIvBTrQd9nP.png                              seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp/images/rYZqPCBaG70.png                              seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp/images/spinner.png                                  seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp/index_temp.html                                     seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp_redirect/css/Epf3I8GM5jv.css                        seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp_redirect/css/s9hWiNS5894.css                        seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp_redirect/images/-r3j-x8ZnM7.svg                     seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp_redirect/images/ZIvBTrQd9nP.png                     seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp_redirect/images/grp_test.png                        seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp_redirect/images/rYZqPCBaG70.png                     seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp_redirect/images/spinner.png                         seeker
opt/seeker/template/whatsapp_redirect/index_temp.html                            seeker
opt/seeker/template/zoom/index_temp.html                                         seeker
opt/seeker/template/zoom/zoom.ico                                                seeker
opt/seeker/utils.py                                                              seeker
usr/local/bin/seeker                                                             seeker
usr/bin/sr-undercover                                                            sr-undercover
usr/share/applications/sr-undercover.desktop                                     sr-undercover
usr/share/doc/sr-undercover/changelog.gz                                         sr-undercover
usr/share/doc/sr-undercover/copyright                                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/apps/claws-mail.svg                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/apps/internet-mail.svg                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/apps/libreoffice-base.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/apps/libreoffice-calc.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/apps/libreoffice-draw.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/apps/libreoffice-impress.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/apps/libreoffice-main.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/apps/libreoffice-math.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/apps/libreoffice-startcenter.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/apps/libreoffice-writer.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/apps/thunderbird.svg                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-database.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-formula.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/128x128/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/address-book-new.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/application-exit.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/appointment-new.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/bookmark-new.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/call-start.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/call-stop.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/contact-new.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/document-new.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/document-open-recent.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/document-open.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/document-page-setup.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/document-print-preview.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/document-print.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/document-properties.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/document-revert-rtl.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/document-revert.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/document-save-as.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/document-save.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/document-send.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/edit-clear.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/edit-copy.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/edit-cut.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/edit-delete.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/edit-find-replace.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/edit-find.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/edit-paste.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/edit-redo-rtl.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/edit-redo.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/edit-select-all.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/edit-undo-rtl.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/edit-undo.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/fileprint.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/filequickprint.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/folder-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/folder_new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-indent-less-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-indent-less.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-indent-more-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-indent-more.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-justify-center.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-justify-fill.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-justify-left.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-justify-right.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-text-bold.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-text-direction-ltr.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-text-direction-rtl.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-text-italic.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/format-text-underline.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gnome-logout.svg                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gnome-session-logout.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gnome-shutdown.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-bottom.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-down.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-first-rtl.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-first.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-home.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-last-rtl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-last.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-next-rtl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-next.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-previous-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-previous.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-top.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-up.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/help-about.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/help-contents.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/help-faq.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/insert-image.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/insert-link.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/insert-object.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/insert-text.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/list-add.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/list-remove.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail-forward.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail-mark-important.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail-mark-junk.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail-mark-notjunk.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail-mark-read.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail-mark-unread.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail-message-new.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail-reply-all.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail-reply-sender.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail-send-receive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail-send.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-eject.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-playback-pause.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-playback-start-rtl.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-playback-start.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-playback-stop.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-record.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-seek-backward-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-seek-backward.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-seek-forward-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-seek-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-skip-backward-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-skip-backward.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-skip-forward-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/media-skip-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/object-flip-horizontal.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/object-flip-vertical.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/object-rotate-left.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/object-rotate-right.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/process-stop.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/system-lock-screen.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/system-log-out.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/system-run.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/system-search.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/system-shutdown.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/tab-new.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/tools-check-spelling.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/view-fullscreen.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/view-refresh.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/view-restore.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/view-sort-ascending.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/view-sort-descending.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/window-close.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/window-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/zoom-fit-best.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/zoom-in.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/zoom-original.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/zoom-out.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/animations/process-working.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/accessories-calculator.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/accessories-character-map.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/accessories-dictionary.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/accessories-text-editor.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/alacarte.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/applets-screenshooter.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/applications-multimedia-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/applications-multimedia.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/apport.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/atril.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/baobab.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/bleachbit.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/bluetooth.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/brasero.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/cheese.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/chromium-browser.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/compiz.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/dconf-editor.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/deja-dup.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/deluge.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/docky.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/empathy.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/eog.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/evince.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/evolution.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/file-manager.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/file-roller.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-aisleriot.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-disks.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-documents.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-mahjongg.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-mines.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-power-manager.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-power-statistics.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-sound-recorder.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-sudoku.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-tweak-tool.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/goa-panel.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gp.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gparted.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/help-browser.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/image-viewer.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/jockey.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/libreoffice-base.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/libreoffice-calc.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/libreoffice-draw.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/libreoffice-impress.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/libreoffice-main.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/libreoffice-math.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/libreoffice-math.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/libreoffice-startcenter.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/libreoffice-writer.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/linssid.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/logview.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/media-player-banshee.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/midori.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/multimedia-volume-control.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/openshot.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/orca.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.gnome.Calendar.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.gnome.Totem.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.gnome.clocks.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.volman.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/pitivi.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/playonlinux.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-color.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-display.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-font.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-locale.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-system-notifications.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-system-privacy.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-system-search.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-system-sharing.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-system-time.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-system-windows.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-system.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/rhythmbox.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/seahorse.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/session-properties.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/shotwell.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/software-properties.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/softwarecenter.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/synaptic.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/system-file-manager.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/system-software-install.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/system-software-update.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/system-users.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/tomboy.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/totem.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/transmission.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/unity-display-panel.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/unity-tweak-tool.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/usb-creator-gtk.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/user-info.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/utilities-terminal.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/virtualbox.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/web-browser.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xdiagnose.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xterm-color.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/applications-accessories.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/applications-development.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/applications-electronics.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/applications-engineering.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/applications-games.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/applications-graphics.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/applications-internet.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/applications-multimedia.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/applications-office.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/applications-other.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/applications-science.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/applications-system.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/applications-utilities.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/preferences-desktop-peripherals.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/preferences-desktop-personal.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/preferences-desktop.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/preferences-other.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/preferences-system-network.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/preferences-system.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/system-help.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/ac-adapter.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/audio-card.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/audio-headphones.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/audio-headset.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/audio-input-microphone.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/audio-speakers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/battery.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/camera-photo.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/camera-video.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/camera-web.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/colorimeter-colorhug.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/computer-apple-ipad.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/computer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/drive-harddisk-system-solidstate.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/drive-harddisk-system.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/drive-harddisk-usb.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/drive-harddisk.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/drive-multidisk.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/drive-optical.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/drive-removable-media.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/input-dialpad.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/input-gaming.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/input-keyboard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/input-mouse.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/input-tablet.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/input-touchpad.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/media-flash.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/media-floppy.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/media-optical-bd.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/media-optical-cd-audio.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/media-optical-dvd.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/media-optical.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/media-tape.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/media-zip.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/modem.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/multimedia-player.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/network-vpn.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/network-wired.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/network-wireless.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/pda.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/phone-apple-iphone.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/phone-google-nexus-one.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/phone-htc-g1-white.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/phone-palm-pre.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/phone-samsung-galaxy-s.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/phone.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/printer-network.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/printer.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/scanner.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/video-display.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-default.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-documents.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-downloads.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-favorite.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-generic.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-important.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-mail.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-package.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-photos.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-readonly.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-shared.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-system.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-urgent.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-web.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-angel.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-angry.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-cool.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-crying.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-devilish.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-embarrassed.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-glasses.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-kiss.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-laugh.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-monkey.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-plain.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-raspberry.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-sad.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-sick.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-smile-big.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-smile.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-smirk.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-surprise.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-tired.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-uncertain.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-wink.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/face-worried.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-certificate.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-image-bmp.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-image-jpg.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-image-png.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-pdf.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-rss+xml.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-torrent.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-vnd.openofficeorg.extension.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-addon.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-blender.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-cd-image.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-mono-develop-xib.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-xml.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/deb.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/image-x-xcf.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-database.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-extension.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-formula.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-master-document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-database.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-formula.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-text-template.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/libreoffice-text.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/text-html.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-script.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/unknown.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/video-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-document.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-template.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/x-package-repository.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/debian-swirl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/distributor-logo.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/folder-documents.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/folder-download.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/folder-music.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/folder-pictures.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/folder-publicshare.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/folder-remote.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/folder-saved-search.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/folder-templates.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/folder-videos.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/folder.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-foot.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-main-menu.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/network-server.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/network-workgroup.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/novell-button.svg                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/server.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/start-here.svg                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/ubuntu-logo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/user-bookmarks.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/user-desktop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/user-home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/user-trash.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/appointment-missed.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/appointment-soon.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/audio-volume-high.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/audio-volume-low.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/audio-volume-medium.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/audio-volume-muted.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/battery-caution-charging.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/battery-caution.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/battery-empty-charging.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/battery-empty.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/battery-full-charged.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/battery-full-charging.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/battery-full.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/battery-good-charging.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/battery-good.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/battery-low-charging.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/battery-low.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/battery-missing.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/changes-allow.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/changes-prevent.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/computer-fail.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/dialog-error.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/dialog-information.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/dialog-password.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/dialog-question.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/dialog-warning.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/folder-drag-accept.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/folder-open.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/folder-visiting.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/image-loading.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/image-missing.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/mail-attachment.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/mail-read.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/mail-replied.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/mail-signed-verified.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/mail-signed.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/mail-unread.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/media-playlist-repeat.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/media-playlist-shuffle.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/microphone-sensitivity-high.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/microphone-sensitivity-low.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/network-cellular-connected.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/network-error.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/network-idle.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/network-offline.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/network-receive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/network-transmit-receive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/network-transmit.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/network-wired-disconnected.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/network-wireless-encrypted.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/non-starred.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/printer-error.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/printer-printing.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/security-high.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/security-low.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/security-medium.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/semi-starred-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/semi-starred.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/software-update-available.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/software-update-urgent.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/starred.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_repeat.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_shuffle.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/task-due.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/task-past-due.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/trophy-bronze.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/trophy-gold.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/trophy-silver.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/user-available.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/user-away.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/user-busy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/user-idle.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/user-invisible.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/user-offline.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/user-trash-full.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-000.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-010.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-020.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-030.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-040.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-050.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-060.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-070.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-080.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-090.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-100.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-110.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-120.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-130.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-140.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-150.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-160.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-170.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-190.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-200.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-210.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-220.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-230.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-240.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-250.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-260.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-270.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-280.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-290.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-300.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-310.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-320.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-330.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-340.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night-350.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear-night.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-clear.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-000.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-010.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-020.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-030.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-040.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-050.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-060.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-070.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-080.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-090.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-100.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-110.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-120.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-130.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-140.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-150.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-160.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-170.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-190.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-200.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-210.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-220.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-230.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-240.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-250.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-260.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-270.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-280.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-290.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-300.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-310.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-320.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-330.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-340.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night-350.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds-night.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-few-clouds.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-fog.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-overcast.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-severe-alert.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-showers-scattered.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-showers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-snow.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/weather-storm.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/address-book-new.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/application-exit.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/appointment-new.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/bookmark-new.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/call-start.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/call-stop.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/contact-new.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/document-new.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/document-open-recent.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/document-open.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/document-page-setup.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/document-print-preview.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/document-print.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/document-properties.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/document-revert-rtl.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/document-revert.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/document-save-as.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/document-save.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/document-send.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/edit-clear.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/edit-copy.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/edit-cut.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/edit-delete.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/edit-find-replace.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/edit-find.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/edit-paste.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/edit-redo-rtl.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/edit-redo.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/edit-select-all.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/edit-undo-rtl.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/edit-undo.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/folder-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-indent-less-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-indent-less.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-indent-more-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-indent-more.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-justify-center.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-justify-fill.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-justify-left.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-justify-right.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-text-bold.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-text-direction-ltr.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-text-direction-rtl.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-text-italic.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/format-text-underline.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gnome-logout.svg                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gnome-session-logout.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gnome-shutdown.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-bottom.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-down.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-first-rtl.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-first.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-home.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-jump.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-last-rtl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-last.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-next-rtl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-next.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-previous-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-previous.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-top.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/go-up.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-about.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/help-about.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/help-contents.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/help-faq.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/insert-image.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/insert-link.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/insert-object.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/insert-text.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/list-add.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/list-remove.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail-forward.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail-mark-important.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail-mark-junk.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail-mark-notjunk.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail-mark-read.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail-mark-unread.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail-message-new.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail-reply-all.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail-reply-sender.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail-send-receive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail-send.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-eject.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-playback-pause.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-playback-start-rtl.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-playback-start.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-playback-stop.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-record.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-seek-backward-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-seek-backward.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-seek-forward-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-seek-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-skip-backward-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-skip-backward.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-skip-forward-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/media-skip-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/object-flip-horizontal.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/object-flip-vertical.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/object-rotate-left.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/object-rotate-right.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/process-stop.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/system-lock-screen.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/system-log-out.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/system-run.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/system-search.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/system-shutdown.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/tab-new.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/tools-check-spelling.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/view-fullscreen.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/view-refresh.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/view-restore.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/view-sort-ascending.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/view-sort-descending.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/window-close.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/window-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/zoom-fit-best.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/zoom-in.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/zoom-original.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/zoom-out.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/animations/process-working.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/accessories-calculator.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/accessories-character-map.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/accessories-dictionary.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/accessories-text-editor.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/alacarte.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/applets-screenshooter.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/applications-multimedia.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/cheese.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/chromium-browser.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/dconf-editor.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/evolution.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/file-roller.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-aisleriot.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-disks.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-documents.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-mahjongg.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-mines.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-sound-recorder.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-sudoku.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/goa-panel.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/help-browser.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/image-viewer.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/jockey.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/multimedia-volume-control.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/orca.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.volman.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop-display.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop-font.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop-locale.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-system-notifications.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-system-privacy.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-system-search.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-system-sharing.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-system-windows.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-system.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/rhythmbox.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/softwarecenter.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/system-file-manager.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/system-software-install.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/system-software-update.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/system-users.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/thunderbird.svg                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/transmission.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/user-info.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/utilities-terminal.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/web-browser.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/xdiagnose.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/xterm-color.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/applications-accessories.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/applications-development.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/applications-electronics.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/applications-engineering.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/applications-graphics.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/applications-internet.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/applications-multimedia.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/applications-office.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/applications-other.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/applications-science.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/applications-system.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/applications-utilities.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/preferences-desktop-peripherals.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/preferences-desktop-personal.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/preferences-desktop.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/preferences-other.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/preferences-system-network.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/preferences-system.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/system-help.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/xfce-games.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/ac-adapter.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/audio-card.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/audio-headphones.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/audio-headset.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/audio-input-microphone.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/audio-speakers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/battery.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/camera-photo.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/camera-video.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/camera-web.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/colorimeter-colorhug.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/computer-apple-ipad.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/computer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/drive-harddisk-system-solidstate.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/drive-harddisk-system.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/drive-harddisk-usb.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/drive-harddisk.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/drive-multidisk.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/drive-optical.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/drive-removable-media.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/input-dialpad.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/input-gaming.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/input-keyboard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/input-mouse.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/input-tablet.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/input-touchpad.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/media-flash.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/media-floppy.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/media-optical-bd.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/media-optical-cd-audio.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/media-optical-dvd.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/media-optical.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/media-tape.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/media-zip.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/modem.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/multimedia-player.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/network-vpn.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/network-wired.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/network-wireless.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/pda.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/phone-apple-iphone.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/phone-google-nexus-one.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/phone-htc-g1-white.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/phone-palm-pre.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/phone-samsung-galaxy-s.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/phone.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/printer-network.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/printer.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/scanner.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/video-display.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-default.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-documents.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-downloads.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-favorite.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-generic.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-important.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-mail.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-package.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-photos.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-readonly.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-shared.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-system.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-urgent.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-web.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-angel.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-angry.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-cool.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-crying.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-devilish.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-embarrassed.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-glasses.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-kiss.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-laugh.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-monkey.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-plain.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-raspberry.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-sad.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-sick.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-smile-big.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-smile.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-smirk.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-surprise.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-tired.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-uncertain.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-wink.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/face-worried.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-certificate.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-rss+xml.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openofficeorg.extension.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-x-addon.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-x-blender.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-x-cd-image.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-x-mono-develop-xib.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-xml.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/deb.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/image-x-xcf.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/text-html.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-script.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/unknown.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/video-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-document.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-template.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/x-package-repository.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/debian-swirl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/folder-documents.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/folder-download.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/folder-music.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/folder-pictures.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/folder-publicshare.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/folder-remote.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/folder-saved-search.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/folder-templates.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/folder-videos.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/folder.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-foot.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/network-server.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/network-workgroup.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/ubuntu-logo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/user-bookmarks.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/user-desktop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/user-home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/user-trash.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/appointment-missed.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/appointment-soon.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/audio-volume-high.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/audio-volume-low.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/audio-volume-medium.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/audio-volume-muted.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/battery-caution-charging.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/battery-caution.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/battery-empty-charging.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/battery-empty.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/battery-full-charged.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/battery-full-charging.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/battery-full.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/battery-good-charging.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/battery-good.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/battery-low-charging.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/battery-low.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/battery-missing.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/changes-allow.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/changes-prevent.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/computer-fail.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/dialog-error.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/dialog-information.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/dialog-password.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/dialog-question.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/dialog-warning.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/folder-drag-accept.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/folder-open.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/folder-visiting.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/image-loading.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/image-missing.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/mail-attachment.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/mail-read.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/mail-replied.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/mail-signed-verified.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/mail-signed.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/mail-unread.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/media-playlist-repeat.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/media-playlist-shuffle.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/microphone-sensitivity-high.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/microphone-sensitivity-low.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/network-cellular-connected.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/network-error.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/network-idle.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/network-offline.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/network-receive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/network-transmit-receive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/network-transmit.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/network-wired-disconnected.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/network-wireless-encrypted.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/non-starred.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/printer-error.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/printer-printing.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/security-high.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/security-low.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/security-medium.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/semi-starred-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/semi-starred.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/software-update-available.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/software-update-urgent.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/starred.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/task-due.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/task-past-due.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/trophy-bronze.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/trophy-gold.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/trophy-silver.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/user-available.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/user-away.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/user-busy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/user-idle.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/user-invisible.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/user-offline.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/user-trash-full.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-000.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-010.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-020.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-030.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-040.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-050.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-060.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-070.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-080.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-090.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-100.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-110.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-120.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-130.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-140.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-150.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-160.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-170.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-190.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-200.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-210.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-220.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-230.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-240.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-250.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-260.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-270.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-280.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-290.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-300.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-310.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-320.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-330.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-340.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night-350.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear-night.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-clear.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-000.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-010.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-020.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-030.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-040.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-050.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-060.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-070.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-080.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-090.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-100.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-110.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-120.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-130.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-140.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-150.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-160.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-170.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-190.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-200.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-210.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-220.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-230.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-240.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-250.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-260.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-270.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-280.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-290.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-300.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-310.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-320.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-330.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-340.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night-350.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds-night.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-few-clouds.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-fog.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-overcast.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-severe-alert.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-showers-scattered.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-showers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-snow.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/weather-storm.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/add-files-to-archive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/address-book-new.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/application-exit.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/appointment-new.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/bookmark-new.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/call-start.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/call-stop.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/contact-new.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/document-new.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/document-open-recent.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/document-open.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/document-page-setup.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/document-print-preview.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/document-print.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/document-properties.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/document-revert-rtl.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/document-revert.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/document-save-as.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/document-save.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/document-send.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/edit-clear.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/edit-copy.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/edit-cut.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/edit-delete.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/edit-find-replace.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/edit-find.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/edit-paste.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/edit-redo-rtl.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/edit-redo.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/edit-select-all.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/edit-undo-rtl.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/edit-undo.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/extract-archive.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/filequickprint.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/folder-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-indent-less-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-indent-less.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-indent-more-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-indent-more.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-justify-center.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-justify-fill.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-justify-left.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-justify-right.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-text-bold.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-text-direction-ltr.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-text-direction-rtl.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-text-italic.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/format-text-underline.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gnome-logout.svg                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gnome-session-logout.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gnome-shutdown.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-bottom.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-down.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-first-rtl.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-first.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-home.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-jump.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-last-rtl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-last.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-next-rtl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-next.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-previous-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-previous.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-top.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/go-up.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/help-about.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/help-contents.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/help-faq.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/insert-image.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/insert-link.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/insert-object.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/insert-text.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/list-add.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/list-remove.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail-forward.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail-mark-important.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail-mark-junk.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail-mark-notjunk.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail-mark-read.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail-mark-unread.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail-message-new.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail-reply-all.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail-reply-sender.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail-send-receive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail-send.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-eject.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-playback-pause.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-playback-start-rtl.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-playback-start.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-playback-stop.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-record.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-seek-backward-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-seek-backward.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-seek-forward-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-seek-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-skip-backward-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-skip-backward.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-skip-forward-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/media-skip-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/object-flip-horizontal.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/object-flip-vertical.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/object-rotate-left.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/object-rotate-right.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/process-stop.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/system-lock-screen.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/system-log-out.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/system-run.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/system-search.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/system-shutdown.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/tab-new.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/tools-check-spelling.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/view-fullscreen.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/view-refresh.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/view-restore.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/view-sort-ascending.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/view-sort-descending.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/window-close.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/window-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/zoom-fit-best.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/zoom-in.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/zoom-original.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/zoom-out.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/accessories-calculator.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/accessories-character-map.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/accessories-dictionary.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/accessories-text-editor.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/alacarte.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/applets-screenshooter.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/applications-multimedia.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/apport.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/atril.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/baobab.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/bleachbit.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/bluetooth.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/cheese.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/chromium-browser.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/claws-mail.svg                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/compiz.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/cs-cat-admin.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/cs-cat-hardware.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/cs-cat-prefs.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/cs-cat-themes.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/dconf-editor.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/deja-dup.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/deluge.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/docky.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/empathy.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/eog.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/evince.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/evolution.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/file-roller.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gcm-calibrate.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-aisleriot.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-disks.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-documents.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-mahjongg.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-mines.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-power-manager.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-power-statistics.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-sound-recorder.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-sudoku.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-tweak-tool.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/goa-panel.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gp.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gparted.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/help-browser.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/image-viewer.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/jockey.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/linssid.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/logview.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/media-player-banshee.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/midori.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/multimedia-volume-control.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/openshot.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/orca.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.gnome.Calendar.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.gnome.Totem.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.gnome.clocks.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.volman.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/pitivi.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/playonlinux.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-color.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-display.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-font.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-locale.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-system-notifications.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-system-privacy.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-system-search.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-system-windows.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-system.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/rhythmbox.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/seahorse.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/session-properties.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/shotwell.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/software-properties.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/softwarecenter.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/synaptic.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/system-file-manager.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/system-software-install.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/system-software-update.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/system-users.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/thunderbird.svg                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/tomboy.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/totem.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/transmission.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/unity-display-panel.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/unity-tweak-tool.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/usb-creator-gtk.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/usb-creator.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/user-info.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/utilities-terminal.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/virtualbox.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/web-browser.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/xdiagnose.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/xterm-color.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/applications-accessories.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/applications-development.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/applications-electronics.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/applications-engineering.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/applications-graphics.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/applications-internet.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/applications-multimedia.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/applications-office.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/applications-other.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/applications-science.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/applications-system.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/applications-utilities.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/preferences-desktop-peripherals.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/preferences-desktop-personal.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/preferences-desktop.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/preferences-other.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/preferences-system-network.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/preferences-system.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/system-help.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/xfce-games.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/ac-adapter.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/audio-card.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/audio-headphones.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/audio-headset.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/audio-input-microphone.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/audio-speakers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/battery.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/camera-photo.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/camera-video.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/camera-web.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/colorimeter-colorhug.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/computer-apple-ipad.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/computer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/drive-harddisk-system-solidstate.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/drive-harddisk-system.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/drive-harddisk-usb.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/drive-harddisk.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/drive-multidisk.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/drive-optical.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/drive-removable-media.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/input-dialpad.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/input-gaming.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/input-keyboard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/input-mouse.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/input-tablet.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/input-touchpad.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/media-flash.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/media-floppy.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/media-optical-bd.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/media-optical-cd-audio.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/media-optical-dvd.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/media-optical.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/media-tape.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/media-zip.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/modem.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/multimedia-player.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/network-vpn.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/network-wired.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/network-wireless.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/pda.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/phone-apple-iphone.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/phone-google-nexus-one.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/phone-htc-g1-white.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/phone-palm-pre.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/phone-samsung-galaxy-s.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/phone.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/printer-network.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/printer.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/scanner.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/video-display.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-default.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-documents.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-downloads.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-favorite.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-generic.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-important.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-mail.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-package.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-photos.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-readonly.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-shared.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-system.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-urgent.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-web.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-angel.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-angry.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-cool.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-crying.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-devilish.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-embarrassed.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-glasses.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-kiss.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-laugh.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-monkey.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-plain.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-raspberry.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-sad.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-sick.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-smile-big.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-smile.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-smirk.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-surprise.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-tired.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-uncertain.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-wink.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/face-worried.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-certificate.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-image-bmp.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-image-jpg.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-image-png.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-pdf.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-rss+xml.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-torrent.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-vnd.openofficeorg.extension.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-addon.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-blender.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-cd-image.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-mono-develop-xib.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-xml.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/deb.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/image-x-xcf.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-database.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/text-html.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-script.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/unknown.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/video-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-document.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-template.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/x-package-repository.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/debian-swirl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/folder-documents.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/folder-download.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/folder-music.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/folder-pictures.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/folder-publicshare.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/folder-remote.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/folder-saved-search.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/folder-templates.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/folder-videos.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/folder.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-foot.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/network-server.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/network-workgroup.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/ubuntu-logo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/user-bookmarks.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/user-desktop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/user-home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/user-trash.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/appointment-missed.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/appointment-soon.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/audio-volume-high.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/audio-volume-low.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/audio-volume-medium.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/audio-volume-muted.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/battery-caution-charging.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/battery-caution.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/battery-empty-charging.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/battery-empty.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/battery-full-charged.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/battery-full-charging.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/battery-full.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/battery-good-charging.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/battery-good.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/battery-low-charging.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/battery-low.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/battery-missing.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/changes-allow.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/changes-prevent.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/computer-fail.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/dialog-error.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/dialog-information.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/dialog-password.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/dialog-question.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/dialog-warning.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/folder-drag-accept.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/folder-open.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/folder-visiting.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/image-loading.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/image-missing.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/mail-attachment.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/mail-read.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/mail-replied.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/mail-signed-verified.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/mail-signed.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/mail-unread.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/media-playlist-repeat.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/media-playlist-shuffle.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/microphone-sensitivity-high.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/microphone-sensitivity-low.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/network-cellular-connected.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/network-error.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/network-idle.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/network-offline.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/network-receive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/network-transmit-receive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/network-transmit.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/network-wired-disconnected.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/network-wireless-encrypted.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/non-starred.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/printer-error.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/printer-printing.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/security-high.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/security-low.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/security-medium.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/semi-starred-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/semi-starred.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/software-update-available.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/software-update-urgent.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/starred.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/task-due.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/task-past-due.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/trophy-bronze.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/trophy-gold.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/trophy-silver.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/user-available.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/user-away.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/user-busy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/user-idle.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/user-invisible.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/user-offline.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/user-trash-full.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-000.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-010.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-020.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-030.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-040.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-050.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-060.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-070.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-080.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-090.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-100.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-110.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-120.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-130.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-140.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-150.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-160.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-170.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-190.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-200.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-210.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-220.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-230.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-240.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-250.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-260.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-270.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-280.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-290.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-300.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-310.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-320.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-330.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-340.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night-350.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear-night.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-clear.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-000.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-010.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-020.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-030.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-040.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-050.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-060.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-070.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-080.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-090.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-100.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-110.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-120.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-130.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-140.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-150.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-160.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-170.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-190.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-200.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-210.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-220.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-230.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-240.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-250.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-260.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-270.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-280.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-290.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-300.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-310.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-320.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-330.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-340.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night-350.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds-night.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-few-clouds.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-fog.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-overcast.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-severe-alert.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-showers-scattered.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-showers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-snow.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/weather-storm.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/address-book-new.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/application-exit.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/appointment-new.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/document-new.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/document-open-recent.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/document-open.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/document-page-setup.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/document-print-preview.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/document-print.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/document-properties.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/document-revert-rtl.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/document-revert.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/document-save-as.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/document-save.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/edit-delete.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/edit-find-replace.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/edit-find.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/edit-select-all.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/filequickprint.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/folder-new.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gnome-logout.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gnome-session-logout.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-bottom.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-down.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-first-rtl.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-first.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-home.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-jump.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-last-rtl.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-last.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-next-rtl.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-next.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-previous-rtl.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-previous.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-top.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/go-up.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-jump-to-ltr.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-jump-to-rtl.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/mail-message-new.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/process-stop.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/system-lock-screen.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/system-log-out.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/system-run.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/system-search.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/system-shutdown.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/view-refresh.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/accessories-calculator.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/accessories-character-map.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/accessories-dictionary.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/accessories-text-editor.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/activity-log-manager.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/alacarte.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/applets-screenshooter.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/apport.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/atril.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/baobab.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/bleachbit.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/bluetooth.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/brasero.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cheese.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/chromium-browser.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/claws-mail.svg                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/compiz.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/credentials-preferences.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-applets.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-bluetooth.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-cat-admin.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-cat-hardware.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-cat-prefs.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-cat-themes.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-color.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-date-time.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-default-applications.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-desklets.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-desktop-effects.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-desktop.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-display.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-drivers.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-extensions.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-firewall.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-fonts.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-general.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-hardware.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-input-method.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-keyboard.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-language.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-login.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-mouse.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-network.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-notifications.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-overview.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-panel.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-power.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-printer.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-privacy.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-region.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-screen.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-software-properties.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-startup-programs.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-tablet.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-tiling.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-universal-access.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-user.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-windows.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-workspaces.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/dconf-editor.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/deja-dup.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/deluge.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/docky.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/empathy.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/eog.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/evince.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/evolution.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/file-roller.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/geany.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gksu-root-terminal.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-aisleriot.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-boxes.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-color-choser.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-disks.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-documents.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-mahjongg.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-mines.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-power-manager.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-power-statistics.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-sound-recorder.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-sudoku.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-tweak-tool.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/goa-panel.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gp.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gparted.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gufw.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/help-browser.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/im-chooser.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/image-viewer.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/internet-mail.svg                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/libreoffice-base.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/libreoffice-calc.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/libreoffice-draw.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/libreoffice-impress.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/libreoffice-main.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/libreoffice-math.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/libreoffice-startcenter.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/libreoffice-writer.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/linssid.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/logview.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/mdmflexiserver.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/mdmsetup.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/media-player-banshee.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/meld.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/midori.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/mintnanny.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/mintupdate.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/mintwelcome.svg                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/multimedia-volume-control.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/openshot.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/orca.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.gnome.Calendar.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.gnome.Maps.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.gnome.Totem.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.gnome.Weather.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.gnome.clocks.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.volman.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/pitivi.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/playonlinux.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-color.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-desktop-default-applications.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-desktop-font.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-desktop-locale.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-desktop-peripherals.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-system-notifications.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-system-privacy.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-system-search.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-system-sharing.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-system-time.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-system-windows.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-system.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/rhythmbox.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/seahorse.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/session-properties.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/shotwell.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/software-properties.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/softwarecenter.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/synaptic.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/system-file-manager.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/system-search.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/system-software-install.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/system-software-update.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/system-users.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/thunderbird.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/tomboy.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/totem.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/transmission.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/unity-color-panel.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/unity-datetime-panel.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/unity-display-panel.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/unity-power-panel.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/unity-sound-panel.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/unity-tweak-tool.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/usb-creator-gtk.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/usb-creator.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/user-info.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/utilities-terminal.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/virtualbox.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/web-browser.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/wmtweaks.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xdiagnose.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce-mail.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-appfinder.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-clipman-plugin.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-clock.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-dict.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-mcs-manager.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-menueditor.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-notifyd.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-schedule.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-session.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-systray.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-taskbar.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-ui.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfwm4.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xterm-color.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/applications-development.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/applications-graphics.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/applications-internet.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/applications-mail.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/applications-office.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/applications-system.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/preferences-desktop.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/preferences-system-network.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/preferences-system.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/xfce-games.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/ac-adapter.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/audio-headphones.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/audio-headset.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/audio-input-microphone.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/audio-speakers.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/battery.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/camera-photo.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/camera-video.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/camera-web.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/colorimeter-colorhug.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/computer-apple-ipad.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/computer.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/drive-harddisk-system-solidstate.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/drive-harddisk-system.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/drive-harddisk-usb.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/drive-harddisk.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/drive-multidisk.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/drive-optical.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/drive-removable-media.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/input-dialpad.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/input-gaming.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/input-keyboard.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/input-mouse.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/input-tablet.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/media-flash.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/media-floppy.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/media-optical-bd.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/media-optical-cd-audio.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/media-optical-dvd.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/media-optical.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/media-tape.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/media-zip.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/modem.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/multimedia-player.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/pda.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/phone-apple-iphone.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/phone-google-nexus-one.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/phone-htc-g1-white.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/phone-palm-pre.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/phone-samsung-galaxy-s.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/phone.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/printer-network.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/printer.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/scanner.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/video-display.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emblems/emblem-downloads.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emblems/emblem-mail.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emblems/emblem-package.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emblems/emblem-readonly.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emblems/emblem-shared.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-angel.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-angry.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-cool.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-crying.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-devilish.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-embarrassed.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-glasses.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-laugh.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-plain.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-sad.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-sick.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-smile-big.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-smile.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-smirk.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-surprise.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-tired.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-uncertain.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/face-wink.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-image-bmp.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-image-jpg.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-image-png.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-pdf.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-rss+xml.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-torrent.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-vnd.openofficeorg.extension.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-x-addon.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-x-blender.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-x-cd-image.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-x-mono-develop-xib.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-xml.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/image-x-xcf.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-database.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-formula.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/text-html.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/text-x-script.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/unknown.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/video-x-generic.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/x-office-document.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/x-package-repository.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/debian-swirl.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/folder-documents.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/folder-download.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/folder-music.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/folder-pictures.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/folder-publicshare.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/folder-remote.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/folder-saved-search.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/folder-templates.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/folder-videos.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/folder.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/network-server.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/network-workgroup.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/user-bookmarks.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/user-desktop.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/user-home.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/user-trash.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/appointment-missed.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/appointment-soon.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/audio-volume-high.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/audio-volume-low.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/audio-volume-medium.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/audio-volume-muted.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/battery-caution-charging.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/battery-caution.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/battery-empty-charging.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/battery-empty.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/battery-full-charged.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/battery-full-charging.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/battery-full.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/battery-good-charging.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/battery-good.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/battery-low-charging.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/battery-low.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/battery-missing.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/computer-fail.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/dialog-error.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/dialog-information.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/dialog-password.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/dialog-question.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/dialog-warning.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/folder-drag-accept.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/folder-open.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/folder-visiting.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/image-loading.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/image-missing.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/mail-read.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/network-cellular-connected.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/network-error.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/network-idle.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/network-offline.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/network-receive.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/network-transmit-receive.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/network-transmit.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/network-wired-disconnected.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/non-starred.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/printer-error.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/printer-printing.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/security-high.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/security-low.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/security-medium.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/semi-starred-rtl.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/semi-starred.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/software-update-available.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/software-update-urgent.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/starred.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/trophy-bronze.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/trophy-gold.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/trophy-silver.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/user-available.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/user-away.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/user-busy.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/user-idle.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/user-invisible.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/user-offline.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/user-trash-full.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/address-book-new.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/application-exit.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/appointment-new.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/bookmark-new.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/call-start.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/call-stop.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/contact-new.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/document-new.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/document-open-recent.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/document-open.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/document-page-setup.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/document-print-preview.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/document-print.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/document-properties.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/document-revert-rtl.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/document-revert.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/document-save-as.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/document-save.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/document-send.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/edit-clear.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/edit-copy.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/edit-cut.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/edit-delete.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/edit-find-replace.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/edit-find.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/edit-paste.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/edit-redo-rtl.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/edit-redo.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/edit-select-all.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/edit-undo-rtl.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/edit-undo.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/edit.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/filequickprint.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/folder-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-indent-less-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-indent-less.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-indent-more-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-indent-more.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-justify-center.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-justify-fill.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-justify-left.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-justify-right.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-text-bold.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-text-direction-ltr.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-text-direction-rtl.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-text-italic.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/format-text-underline.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gnome-logout.svg                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gnome-session-logout.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gnome-shutdown.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-bottom.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-down.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-first-rtl.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-first.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-home.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-jump.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-last-rtl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-last.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-next-rtl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-next.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-previous-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-previous.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-top.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/go-up.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/help-about.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/help-contents.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/help-faq.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/insert-image.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/insert-link.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/insert-object.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/insert-text.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/list-add.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/list-remove.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail-forward.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail-mark-important.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail-mark-junk.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail-mark-notjunk.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail-mark-read.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail-mark-unread.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail-message-new.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail-reply-all.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail-reply-sender.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail-send-receive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail-send.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-eject.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-playback-pause.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-playback-start-rtl.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-playback-start.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-playback-stop.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-record.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-seek-backward-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-seek-backward.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-seek-forward-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-seek-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-skip-backward-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-skip-backward.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-skip-forward-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/media-skip-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/object-flip-horizontal.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/object-flip-vertical.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/object-rotate-left.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/object-rotate-right.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/process-stop.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/system-lock-screen.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/system-log-out.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/system-run.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/system-search.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/system-shutdown.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/tools-check-spelling.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/view-fullscreen.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/view-refresh.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/view-restore.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/view-sort-ascending.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/view-sort-descending.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/window-close.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/window-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/zoom-fit-best.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/zoom-in.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/zoom-original.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/zoom-out.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/animations/process-working.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/accessories-calculator.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/accessories-character-map.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/accessories-dictionary.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/accessories-text-editor.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/alacarte.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/applets-screenshooter.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/applications-multimedia.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/apport.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/atril.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/baobab.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/bleachbit.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/bluetooth.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/brasero.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/cheese.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/chromium-browser.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/claws-mail.svg                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/compiz.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/dconf-editor.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/deja-dup.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/deluge.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/docky.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/empathy.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/eog.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/evolution.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/file-roller.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-aisleriot.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-disks.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-documents.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-mahjongg.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-mines.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-power-manager.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-power-statistics.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-sound-recorder.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-sudoku.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-tweak-tool.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/goa-panel.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gp.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gparted.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/help-browser.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/image-viewer.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/jockey.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/libreoffice-base.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/libreoffice-calc.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/libreoffice-draw.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/libreoffice-impress.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/libreoffice-main.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/libreoffice-math.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/libreoffice-startcenter.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/libreoffice-writer.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/linssid.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/logview.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/media-player-banshee.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/midori.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/multimedia-volume-control.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/openshot.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/orca.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.gnome.Calendar.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.gnome.Totem.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.gnome.clocks.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.volman.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/pitivi.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/playonlinux.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-color.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-display.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-font.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-locale.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-system-notifications.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-system-privacy.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-system-search.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-system-sharing.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-system-time.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-system-windows.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-system.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/rhythmbox.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/seahorse.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/session-properties.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/shotwell.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/software-properties.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/softwarecenter.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/synaptic.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/system-file-manager.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/system-software-install.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/system-software-update.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/system-users.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/thunderbird.svg                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/totem.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/transmission.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/unity-datetime-panel.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/unity-display-panel.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/unity-tweak-tool.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/usb-creator-gtk.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/usb-creator.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/user-info.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/utilities-terminal.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/virtualbox.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/web-browser.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xdiagnose.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xfce-mail.svg                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xterm-color.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-accessories.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-development.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-electronics.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-engineering.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-graphics.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-internet.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-mail.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-multimedia.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-office.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-other.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-science.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-system.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-utilities.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/preferences-desktop-peripherals.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/preferences-desktop-personal.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/preferences-desktop.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/preferences-other.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/preferences-system-network.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/preferences-system.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/system-help.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/xfce-games.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/ac-adapter.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/audio-card.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/audio-headphones.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/audio-headset.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/audio-input-microphone.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/audio-speakers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/battery.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/camera-photo.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/camera-video.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/camera-web.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/colorimeter-colorhug.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/computer-apple-ipad.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/computer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/drive-harddisk-system-solidstate.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/drive-harddisk-system.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/drive-harddisk-usb.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/drive-harddisk.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/drive-multidisk.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/drive-optical.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/drive-removable-media.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/input-dialpad.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/input-gaming.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/input-keyboard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/input-mouse.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/input-tablet.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/input-touchpad.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/media-flash.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/media-floppy.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/media-optical-bd.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/media-optical-cd-audio.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/media-optical-dvd.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/media-optical.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/media-tape.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/media-zip.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/modem.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/multimedia-player.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/network-vpn.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/network-wired.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/network-wireless.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/pda.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/phone-apple-iphone.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/phone-google-nexus-one.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/phone-htc-g1-white.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/phone-palm-pre.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/phone-samsung-galaxy-s.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/phone.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/printer-network.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/printer.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/scanner.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/video-display.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-default.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-documents.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-downloads.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-favorite.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-generic.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-important.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-mail.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-package.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-photos.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-readonly.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-shared.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-system.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-urgent.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-web.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-angel.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-angry.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-cool.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-crying.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-devilish.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-embarrassed.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-glasses.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-kiss.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-laugh.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-monkey.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-plain.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-raspberry.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-sad.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-sick.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-smile-big.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-smile.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-smirk.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-surprise.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-tired.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-uncertain.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-wink.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/face-worried.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-certificate.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-image-bmp.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-image-jpg.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-image-png.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-pdf.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-rss+xml.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-torrent.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-vnd.openofficeorg.extension.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-addon.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-blender.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-cd-image.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-mono-develop-xib.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-xml.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/deb.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/image-x-xcf.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-database.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-extension.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-formula.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-master-document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-database.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-formula.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-text-template.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/libreoffice-text.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/text-html.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-script.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/unknown.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/video-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-document.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-template.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/x-package-repository.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/debian-swirl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/folder-documents.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/folder-download.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/folder-music.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/folder-pictures.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/folder-publicshare.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/folder-remote.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/folder-saved-search.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/folder-templates.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/folder-videos.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/folder.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-foot.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/network-server.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/network-workgroup.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/ubuntu-logo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/user-bookmarks.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/user-desktop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/user-home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/user-trash.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/appointment-missed.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/appointment-soon.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/audio-volume-high.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/audio-volume-low.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/audio-volume-medium.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/audio-volume-muted.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/battery-caution-charging.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/battery-caution.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/battery-empty-charging.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/battery-empty.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/battery-full-charged.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/battery-full-charging.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/battery-full.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/battery-good-charging.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/battery-good.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/battery-low-charging.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/battery-low.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/battery-missing.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/changes-allow.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/changes-prevent.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/computer-fail.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/dialog-error.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/dialog-information.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/dialog-password.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/dialog-question.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/dialog-warning.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/folder-drag-accept.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/folder-open.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/folder-visiting.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/image-loading.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/image-missing.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/mail-attachment.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/mail-read.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/mail-replied.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/mail-unread.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/media-playlist-repeat.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/media-playlist-shuffle.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/microphone-sensitivity-high.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/microphone-sensitivity-low.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/network-cellular-connected.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/network-error.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/network-idle.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/network-offline.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/network-receive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/network-transmit-receive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/network-transmit.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/network-wired-disconnected.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/non-starred.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/printer-error.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/printer-printing.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/security-high.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/security-low.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/security-medium.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/semi-starred-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/semi-starred.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/software-update-available.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/software-update-urgent.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/starred.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/task-due.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/task-past-due.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/trophy-bronze.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/trophy-gold.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/trophy-silver.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/user-available.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/user-away.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/user-busy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/user-idle.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/user-invisible.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/user-offline.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/user-trash-full.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-000.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-010.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-020.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-030.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-040.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-050.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-060.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-070.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-080.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-090.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-100.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-110.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-120.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-130.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-140.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-150.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-160.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-170.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-190.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-200.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-210.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-220.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-230.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-240.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-250.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-260.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-270.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-280.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-290.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-300.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-310.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-320.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-330.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-340.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night-350.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear-night.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-clear.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-000.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-010.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-020.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-030.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-040.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-050.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-060.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-070.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-080.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-090.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-100.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-110.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-120.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-130.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-140.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-150.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-160.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-170.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-190.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-200.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-210.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-220.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-230.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-240.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-250.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-260.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-270.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-280.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-290.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-300.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-310.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-320.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-330.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-340.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night-350.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds-night.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-few-clouds.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-fog.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-overcast.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-severe-alert.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-showers-scattered.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-showers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-snow.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/weather-storm.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/address-book-new.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/application-exit.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/appointment-new.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/bookmark-new.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/call-start.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/call-stop.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/contact-new.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/document-new.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/document-open-recent.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/document-open.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/document-page-setup.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/document-print-preview.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/document-print.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/document-properties.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/document-revert-rtl.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/document-revert.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/document-save-as.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/document-save.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/document-send.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/edit-clear.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/edit-copy.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/edit-cut.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/edit-delete.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/edit-find-replace.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/edit-find.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/edit-paste.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/edit-redo-rtl.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/edit-redo.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/edit-select-all.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/edit-undo-rtl.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/edit-undo.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/filequickprint.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/folder-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-indent-less-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-indent-less.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-indent-more-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-indent-more.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-justify-center.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-justify-fill.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-justify-left.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-justify-right.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-text-bold.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-text-direction-ltr.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-text-direction-rtl.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-text-italic.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-text-strikethrough.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/format-text-underline.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gnome-logout.svg                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gnome-session-logout.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gnome-shutdown.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-bottom.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-down.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-first-rtl.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-first.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-home.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-last-rtl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-last.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-next-rtl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-next.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-previous-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-previous.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-top.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-up.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/help-about.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/help-contents.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/help-faq.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/insert-image.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/insert-link.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/insert-object.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/insert-text.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/list-add.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/list-remove.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail-forward.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail-mark-important.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail-mark-junk.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail-mark-notjunk.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail-mark-read.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail-mark-unread.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail-message-new.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail-reply-all.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail-reply-sender.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail-send-receive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail-send.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-eject.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-playback-pause.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-playback-start-rtl.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-playback-start.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-playback-stop.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-record.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-seek-backward-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-seek-backward.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-seek-forward-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-seek-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-skip-backward-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-skip-backward.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-skip-forward-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/media-skip-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/object-flip-horizontal.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/object-flip-vertical.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/object-rotate-left.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/object-rotate-right.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/process-stop.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/system-lock-screen.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/system-log-out.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/system-run.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/system-search.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/system-shutdown.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/tools-check-spelling.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/view-fullscreen.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/view-refresh.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/view-restore.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/view-sort-ascending.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/view-sort-descending.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/window-close.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/window-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/zoom-fit-best.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/zoom-in.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/zoom-original.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/zoom-out.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/animations/process-working.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/accessories-calculator.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/accessories-character-map.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/accessories-dictionary.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/accessories-text-editor.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/alacarte.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/applets-screenshooter.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/applications-graphics.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/applications-multimedia.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/apport.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/atril.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/baobab.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/bleachbit.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/bluetooth.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/brasero.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/cheese.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/chromium-browser.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/claws-mail.svg                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/compiz.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/cs-cat-themes.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/dconf-editor.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/deja-dup.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/deluge.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/docky.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/empathy.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/eog.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/evince.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/evolution.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/file-roller.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-aisleriot.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-disks.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-documents.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-mahjongg.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-mines.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-power-manager.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-power-statistics.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-sound-recorder.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-sudoku.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-tweak-tool.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/goa-panel.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gp.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gparted.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/help-browser.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/image-viewer.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/internet-mail.svg                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/jockey.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/libreoffice-base.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/libreoffice-calc.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/libreoffice-draw.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/libreoffice-impress.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/libreoffice-main.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/libreoffice-math.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/libreoffice-startcenter.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/libreoffice-writer.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/linssid.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/logview.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/media-player-banshee.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/midori.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/multimedia-volume-control.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/openshot.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/orca.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.gnome.Calendar.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.gnome.Totem.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.gnome.clocks.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.volman.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/pitivi.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/playonlinux.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-color.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-display.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-font.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-locale.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-theme.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-system-notifications.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-system-privacy.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-system-search.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-system-sharing.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-system-time.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-system-windows.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-system.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/rhythmbox.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/seahorse.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/session-properties.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/shotwell.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/software-properties.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/softwarecenter.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/synaptic.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/system-file-manager.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/system-software-install.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/system-software-update.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/system-users.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/thunderbird.svg                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/tomboy.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/totem.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/transmission.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/unity-datetime-panel.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/unity-display-panel.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/unity-tweak-tool.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/usb-creator-gtk.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/usb-creator.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/user-info.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/utilities-system-monitor.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/utilities-terminal.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/virtualbox.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/web-browser.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xdiagnose.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xfce-mail.svg                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xterm-color.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-accessories.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-development.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-electronics.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-engineering.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-graphics.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-internet.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-mail.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-multimedia.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-office.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-other.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-science.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-system.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-utilities.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/gtk-preferences.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/preferences-desktop-peripherals.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/preferences-desktop-personal.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/preferences-desktop.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/preferences-other.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/preferences-system-network.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/preferences-system.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/system-help.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/xfce-games.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/ac-adapter.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/audio-card.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/audio-headphones.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/audio-headset.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/audio-input-microphone.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/audio-speakers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/battery.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/camera-photo.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/camera-video.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/camera-web.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/colorimeter-colorhug.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/computer-apple-ipad.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/computer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/drive-harddisk-solidstate.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/drive-harddisk-system-solidstate.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/drive-harddisk-system.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/drive-harddisk-usb.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/drive-harddisk.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/drive-multidisk.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/drive-optical.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/drive-removable-media.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/input-dialpad.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/input-gaming.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/input-keyboard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/input-mouse.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/input-tablet.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/input-touchpad.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/media-flash.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/media-floppy.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/media-optical-bd.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/media-optical-cd-audio.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/media-optical-dvd.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/media-optical.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/media-tape.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/media-zip.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/modem.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/multimedia-player.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/network-vpn.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/network-wired.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/network-wireless.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/pda.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/phone-apple-iphone.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/phone-google-nexus-one.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/phone-htc-g1-white.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/phone-palm-pre.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/phone-samsung-galaxy-s.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/phone.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/printer-network.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/printer.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/scanner.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/uninterruptible-power-supply.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/video-display.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-default.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-desktop.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-documents.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-downloads.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-favorite.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-generic.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-important.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-mail.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-package.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-photos.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-readonly.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-shared.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-system.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-urgent.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-web.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-angel.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-angry.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-cool.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-crying.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-devilish.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-embarrassed.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-glasses.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-kiss.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-laugh.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-monkey.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-plain.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-raspberry.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-sad.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-sick.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-smile-big.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-smile.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-smirk.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-surprise.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-tired.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-uncertain.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-wink.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/face-worried.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-certificate.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-image-bmp.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-image-jpg.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-image-png.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-pdf.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-rss+xml.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-torrent.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-vnd.openofficeorg.extension.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-addon.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-blender.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-cd-image.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-executable.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-mono-develop-xib.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-xml.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/deb.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/font-x-generic.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/image-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/image-x-xcf.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-database.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-extension.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-formula.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-master-document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-database.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-formula.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-text-template.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/libreoffice-text.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/package-x-generic.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/text-html.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-generic.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-preview.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-script.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/unknown.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/video-x-generic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-document.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-template.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/x-package-repository.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/debian-swirl.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/folder-documents.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/folder-download.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/folder-music.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/folder-pictures.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/folder-publicshare.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/folder-remote.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/folder-saved-search.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/folder-templates.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/folder-videos.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/folder.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-foot.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/network-server.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/network-workgroup.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/ubuntu-logo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/user-bookmarks.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/user-desktop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/user-home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/user-trash.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/appointment-missed.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/appointment-soon.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/audio-volume-high.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/audio-volume-low.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/audio-volume-medium.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/audio-volume-muted.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/battery-caution-charging.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/battery-caution.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/battery-empty-charging.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/battery-empty.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/battery-full-charged.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/battery-full-charging.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/battery-full.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/battery-good-charging.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/battery-good.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/battery-low-charging.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/battery-low.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/battery-missing.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/changes-allow.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/changes-prevent.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/computer-fail.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/dialog-error.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/dialog-information.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/dialog-password.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/dialog-question.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/dialog-warning.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/folder-drag-accept.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/folder-open.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/folder-visiting.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/image-loading.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/image-missing.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/mail-attachment.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/mail-read.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/mail-replied.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/mail-unread.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/media-playlist-repeat.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/media-playlist-shuffle.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/microphone-sensitivity-high.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/microphone-sensitivity-low.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/network-cellular-connected.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/network-error.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/network-idle.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/network-offline.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/network-receive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/network-transmit-receive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/network-transmit.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/network-wired-disconnected.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/non-starred.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/printer-error.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/printer-printing.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/security-high.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/security-low.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/security-medium.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/semi-starred-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/semi-starred.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/software-update-available.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/software-update-urgent.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/starred.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/task-due.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/task-past-due.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/trophy-bronze.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/trophy-gold.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/trophy-silver.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/user-available.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/user-away.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/user-busy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/user-idle.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/user-invisible.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/user-offline.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/user-trash-full.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/weather-clear-night.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/weather-clear.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/weather-few-clouds-night.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/weather-few-clouds.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/weather-fog.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/weather-overcast.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/weather-severe-alert.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/weather-showers-scattered.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/weather-showers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/weather-snow.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/weather-storm.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/512x512/apps/libreoffice-main.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/512x512/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-database.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/512x512/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/512x512/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/512x512/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-formula.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/512x512/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/512x512/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/512x512/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/512x512/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/512x512/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/512x512/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/512x512/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/512x512/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/8x8/emblems/emblem-default.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/8x8/emblems/emblem-new.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/8x8/emblems/emblem-readonly.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/8x8/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/8x8/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/8x8/emblems/emblem-unreadable.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/X_cursor                                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/bd_double_arrow                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/bottom_left_corner                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/bottom_right_corner                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/bottom_side                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/bottom_tee                              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/circle                                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/color-picker                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/copy                                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/cross                                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/crossed_circle                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/crosshair                               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/dnd-ask                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/dnd-copy                                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/dnd-link                                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/dnd-move                                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/dnd-none                                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/dotbox                                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/fd_double_arrow                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/grabbing                                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/hand2                                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/left_ptr                                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/left_ptr_watch                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/left_side                               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/left_tee                                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/link                                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/ll_angle                                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/lr_angle                                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/move                                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/pencil                                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/plus                                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/question_arrow                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/right_ptr                               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/right_side                              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/right_tee                               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/sb_down_arrow                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/sb_h_double_arrow                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/sb_left_arrow                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/sb_right_arrow                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/sb_up_arrow                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/sb_v_double_arrow                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/tcross                                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/top_left_corner                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/top_right_corner                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/top_side                                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/top_tee                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/ul_angle                                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/ur_angle                                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/watch                                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/xterm                                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/index.theme                                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/action-unavailable-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/bookmark-add-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/bookmark-new-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/call-end-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/call-start-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/content-loading-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/document-open-recent-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/document-open-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/document-page-setup-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/document-properties-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/document-save-as-symbolic.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/document-save-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/document-send-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-clear-all-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-clear-rtl-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-clear-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-copy-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-cut-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-delete-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-find-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-paste-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-redo-rtl-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-redo-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-select-all-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-select-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-undo-rtl-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/edit-undo-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/find-location-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-indent-less-rtl-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-indent-less-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-indent-less.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-indent-more-rtl-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-indent-more-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-indent-more.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-justify-center-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-justify-fill-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-justify-left-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-justify-right-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-text-bold-symbolic.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-text-direction-ltr-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-text-direction-rtl-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-text-italic-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/format-text-underline-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-bottom-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-down-symbolic.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-first-rtl-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-first-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-home-symbolic.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-jump-rtl-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-jump-symbolic.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-last-rtl-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-last-symbolic.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-next-rtl-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-next-symbolic.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-previous-rtl-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-previous-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-top-symbolic.svg            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/go-up-symbolic.svg             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/insert-image-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/insert-link-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/insert-object-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/insert-text-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/list-add-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/list-remove-all-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/list-remove-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/mail-mark-important-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/mail-send-receive-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/mail-send-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/mark-location-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-eject-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-playback-pause-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-playback-start-rtl-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-playback-start-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-playback-stop-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-record-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-seek-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-seek-backward-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-seek-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-seek-forward-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-skip-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-skip-backward-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-skip-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-skip-forward-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/object-rotate-left-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/object-rotate-right-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/object-select-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/process-stop-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/send-to-symbolic.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/system-run-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/tab-new-symbolic.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/view-continuous-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/view-dual-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/view-fullscreen-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/view-grid-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/view-list-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/view-more-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/view-paged-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/view-refresh-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/view-restore-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/window-close-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/window-maximize-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/window-minimize-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/window-restore-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/xfsm-logout-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/xfsm-reboot-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/xfsm-suspend-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/zoom-in-symbolic.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/zoom-original-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/zoom-out-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/accessories-calculator-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/accessories-character-map-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/accessories-dictionary-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/accessories-text-editor-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/applets-screenshooter-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/bluetooth-symbolic.svg            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/chromium-browser.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/claws-mail.svg                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/gnome-power-manager-symbolic.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/goa-panel-symbolic.svg            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/help-browser-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/internet-mail.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/kali-menu.svg                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/libreoffice-base.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/libreoffice-calc.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/libreoffice-draw.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/libreoffice-impress.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/libreoffice-main.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/libreoffice-math.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/libreoffice-startcenter.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/libreoffice-writer.svg            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-color-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-accessibility-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-display-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-locale-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-remote-desktop-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-screensaver-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-desktop-wallpaper-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-proxy-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-system-network-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-system-notifications-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-system-privacy-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-system-search-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-system-sharing-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/preferences-system-time-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/system-file-manager-symbolic.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/system-software-install-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/system-users-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/text-editor-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/thunderbird.svg                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/utilities-system-monitor-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/utilities-terminal-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/web-browser-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/xfce4-panel-menu.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/xfce4-workspaces.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/categories/applications-engineering-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/categories/applications-games-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/categories/applications-graphics-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/categories/applications-mail.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/categories/applications-multimedia-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/categories/applications-science-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/categories/applications-utilities-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/categories/preferences-desktop-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/categories/preferences-other-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/categories/system-help-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/audio-card-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/audio-headphones-symbolic.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/audio-headset-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/audio-speakers-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/camera-photo-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/camera-video-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/camera-web-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/colorimeter-colorhug-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/computer-apple-ipad-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/computer-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/display-projector-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/drive-multidisk-alt-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/drive-multidisk-alt2-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/drive-multidisk-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/drive-optical-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/drive-removable-media-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/headphones-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/input-dialpad-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/input-gaming-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/input-keyboard-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/input-mouse-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/input-tablet-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/input-touchpad-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/media-flash-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/media-floppy-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/media-optical-bd-symbolic.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/media-optical-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/media-removable-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/media-zip-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/multimedia-player-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/network-wireless-symbolic.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/phone-symbolic.svg             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/printer-network-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/printer-symbolic.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/scanner-symbolic.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/video-display-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emblems/emblem-default-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emblems/emblem-documents-symbolic.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emblems/emblem-favorite-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emblems/emblem-important-symbolic.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emblems/emblem-music-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emblems/emblem-ok-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emblems/emblem-photos-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emblems/emblem-shared-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emblems/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emblems/emblem-system-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emblems/emblem-videos-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-angel-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-angry-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-confused-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-cool-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-crying-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-devilish-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-embarrassed-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-kiss-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-laugh-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-monkey-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-plain-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-raspberry-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-sad-symbolic.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-shutmouth-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-sick-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-smile-big-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-smile-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-smirk-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-surprised-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-tired-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-uncertain-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-wink-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-worried-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/emotes/face-yawn-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/application-certificate-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/application-rss+xml-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/application-x-appliance-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/audio-x-generic-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/deb.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/inode-directory-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/package-x-generic-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/text-x-generic-symbolic.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/video-x-generic-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/mimetypes/x-office-calendar-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/debian-swirl.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/folder-documents-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/folder-download-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/folder-music-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/folder-pictures-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/folder-publicshare-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/folder-remote-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/folder-saved-search-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/folder-symbolic.svg             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/folder-templates-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/folder-videos-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/gnome-foot.svg                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/network-server-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/network-workgroup-symbolic.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/poi-airport.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/poi-building.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/poi-bus-stop.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/poi-car.svg                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/poi-marker.svg                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/poi-railway-station.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/poi-town.svg                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/start-here-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/start-here.svg                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/swirl-foot.svg                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/ubuntu-logo.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/user-bookmarks-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/user-desktop-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/user-home-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/places/user-trash-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/airplane-mode-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/alarm-symbolic.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/appointment-missed-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/appointment-soon-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/avatar-default-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/avatar-default.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/battery-caution-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/battery-empty-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/battery-full-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/battery-good-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/battery-low-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/battery-missing-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/bluetooth-active-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/bluetooth-disabled-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/call-missed-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/changes-allow-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/changes-prevent-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/channel-insecure-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/channel-secure-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/computer-fail-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/dialog-error-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/dialog-information-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/dialog-password-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/dialog-question-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/dialog-warning-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/display-brightness-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/keyboard-brightness-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/mail-attachment-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/mail-read-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/mail-replied-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/mail-unread-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/media-playlist-consecutive-rtl-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/media-playlist-repeat-rtl-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-rtl-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/media-playlist-shuffle-rtl-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-3g-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-4g-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-acquiring-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-connected-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-edge-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-gprs-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-no-route-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-offline-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-signal-good-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-signal-none-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-signal-ok-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-signal-weak-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-cellular-umts-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-error-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-idle-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-no-route-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-vpn-acquiring-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-vpn-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wired-acquiring-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wireless-acquiring-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wireless-connected-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wireless-encrypted-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wireless-hotspot-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wireless-no-route-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wireless-offline-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wireless-signal-excellent-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wireless-signal-good-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wireless-signal-none-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wireless-signal-ok-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wireless-signal-weak-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-no-connection.svg            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage01-connecting01.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage01-connecting02.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage01-connecting03.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage01-connecting04.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage01-connecting05.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage01-connecting06.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage01-connecting07.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage01-connecting08.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage01-connecting09.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage01-connecting10.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage01-connecting11.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting01.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting02.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting03.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting04.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting05.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting06.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting07.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting08.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting09.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting10.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting11.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting12.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting13.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-connecting14.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-lock.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-standalone-lock.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/non-starred-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/notification-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/printer-error-symbolic-1.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/printer-error-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/printer-printing-symbolic-1.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/printer-printing-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/printer-warning-symbolic-1.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/printer-warning-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/rotation-allowed-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/rotation-locked-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/security-high-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/security-low-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/security-medium-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/semi-starred-rtl-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/semi-starred-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/software-update-available-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/software-update-urgent-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/starred-symbolic.svg            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/task-due-symbolic.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/task-past-due-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/touchpad-disabled-symbolic.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/user-available-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/user-away-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/user-busy-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/user-idle-symbolic.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/user-invisible-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/user-offline-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/user-status-pending-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/user-trash-full-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/view-wrapped-rtl-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/view-wrapped-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-000.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-010.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-020.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-030.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-040.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-050.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-060.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-070.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-080.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-090.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-100.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-110.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-120.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-130.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-140.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-150.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-160.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-170.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-190.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-200.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-210.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-220.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-230.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-240.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-250.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-260.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-270.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-280.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-290.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-300.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-310.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-320.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-330.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-340.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-350.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-night-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-clear-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-000.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-010.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-020.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-030.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-040.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-050.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-060.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-070.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-080.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-090.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-100.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-110.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-120.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-130.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-140.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-150.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-160.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-170.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-190.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-200.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-210.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-220.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-230.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-240.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-250.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-260.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-270.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-280.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-290.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-300.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-310.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-320.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-330.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-340.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-350.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-night-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-few-clouds-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-fog-symbolic.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-overcast-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-severe-alert-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-showers-scattered-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-showers-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-snow-symbolic.svg       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/weather-storm-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/hicolor/scalable/apps/sr-undercover.svg                          sr-undercover
usr/share/lintian/overrides/sr-undercover                                        sr-undercover
usr/share/python3/runtime.d/sr-undercover.rtupdate                               sr-undercover
usr/share/qt5ct/colors/Windows.conf                                              sr-undercover
usr/share/qtermwidget5/color-schemes/Kali-Dark.colorscheme                       sr-undercover
usr/share/sr-undercover/backgrounds/Windows-10.jpg                               sr-undercover
usr/share/sr-undercover/config/qt5ct/qt5ct.conf                                  sr-undercover
usr/share/sr-undercover/config/qterminal.org/qterminal.ini                       sr-undercover
usr/share/sr-undercover/config/xfce4/panel/datetime-16.rc                        sr-undercover
usr/share/sr-undercover/face.png                                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/sr-undercover/scripts/desktopconfig.py                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/sr-undercover/scripts/xfce4-desktop-profiles.py                        sr-undercover
usr/share/sr-undercover/sr-undercover-profile.tar.bz2                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-today-light.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-today.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-focused.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-off-focused-light.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-off-focused.svg           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-off-light.svg             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-off.svg                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox.svg                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/close-window-active.svg            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/close-window-hover.svg             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/close-window.svg                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-off-light.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-off.svg                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-on-light.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-on.svg                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gnome-shell/gnome-shell.css                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/border.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-hover.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-insensitive.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-active.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-hover.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-active.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-hover.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-active.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-hover.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-active.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-hover.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry-active.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry-insensitive.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-active.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-hover.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry-active.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry-insensitive.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background-insensitive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-insensitive.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/focus.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-inline.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-notebook.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-horz.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-vert.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/handle.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/line.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-border.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-hover.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-insensitive.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-hover.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-insensitive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed-hover.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-down-insensitive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-down.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left-hover.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left-insensitive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right-hover.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-up-insensitive.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-up.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-hover.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-insensitive.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-hover.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-insensitive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed-hover.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed-insensitive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar-item-active.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry-active.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-down-insensitive.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-down.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left-insensitive.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left-semi.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right-insensitive.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right-semi.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-up-insensitive.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-up.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-horz-trough.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-horz.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-vert-trough.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-vert.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-hover.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-active.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-hover.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-active.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-hover.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-focus.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-trough-active.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-trough.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-active.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-hover.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-insensitive.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-vert-trough-active.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-vert-trough.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider-active.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider-hover.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-trough.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-active-rtl.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-active.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-hover-rtl.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-hover.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-rtl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-trough-rtl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-trough.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-down-insensitive.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-down.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-hover.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-insensitive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-active.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-hover.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-insensitive.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-hover.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-insensitive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-active.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-hover.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-insensitive.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-up-insensitive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-up.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-down-active.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-down.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-horz-gap.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left-active.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right-active.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-up-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-up.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-vert-gap.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down-active.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down-hover.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up-active.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up-hover.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-separator-ltr.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-separator-rtl.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/gtkrc                                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-2.0/main.rc                                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/bullet-symbolic.svg                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/bullet-symbolic.symbolic.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/bullet@2-symbolic.symbolic.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/check-symbolic.svg                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/check-symbolic.symbolic.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/check@2-symbolic.symbolic.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-black.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-black@2.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-white.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-white@2.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/dash-symbolic.svg                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/dash-symbolic.symbolic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/dash@2-symbolic.symbolic.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo-dark.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo-dark@2.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo@2.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-dark.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-dark@2.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize@2.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-dark.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-dark@2.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize@2.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active-dark.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active-dark@2.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active@2.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-dark.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-dark@2.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover-dark.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover-dark@2.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover@2.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end@2.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active-dark.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active-dark@2.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active@2.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-dark.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-dark@2.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover-dark.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover-dark@2.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover@2.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start@2.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/titlebutton.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/titlebutton@2.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/gtk.css                                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-4.0/gtk.css                                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/index.theme                                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-active.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/close-active.png                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/close-inactive.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/close-prelight.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/close-pressed.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/hide-active.png                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/left-active.png                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/left-inactive.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-active.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/menu-active.png                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/right-active.png                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/right-inactive.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/shade-active.png                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/stick-active.png                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/themerc                                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-1-active.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-2-active.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-3-active.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-4-active.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-5-active.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/top-left-active.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/top-right-active.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-active.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-prelight.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-pressed.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-active.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-active.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-inactive.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-active.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/themerc                                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-active.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-active.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-active.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-active.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-active.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-active.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gnome-shell/gnome-shell.css                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/border.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/button-hover.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/button-insensitive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/button.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-active.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-hover.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-active.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-hover.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-active.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-hover.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-active.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-hover.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry-active.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-active.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-hover.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry-active.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background-insensitive.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-insensitive.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/focus.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-inline.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-notebook.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/frame.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-horz.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-vert.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/handle.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/line.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-border.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-hover.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-hover.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed-hover.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-down-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-down.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left-hover.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right-hover.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right-insensitive.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-up-insensitive.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-up.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-hover.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-insensitive.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-hover.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-insensitive.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed-hover.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed-insensitive.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar-item-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry-active.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry-insensitive.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-down-insensitive.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-down.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left-insensitive.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left-semi.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right-insensitive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right-semi.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-up-insensitive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-up.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-horz-trough.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-horz.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-vert-trough.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-vert.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-active.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-hover.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-active.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-hover.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-active.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-hover.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-focus.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-trough-active.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-trough.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-hover.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-insensitive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-vert-trough-active.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-vert-trough.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider-active.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider-hover.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-trough.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-active-rtl.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-active.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-hover-rtl.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-hover.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-rtl.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-trough-rtl.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-trough.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-down-insensitive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-down.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-active.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-hover.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-active.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-hover.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-insensitive.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-active.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-hover.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-active.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-hover.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-insensitive.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-up-insensitive.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-up.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-down-active.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-down.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-horz-gap.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left-active.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right-active.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-up-active.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-up.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-vert-gap.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down-active.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down-hover.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up-active.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up-hover.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-separator-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-separator-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/gtkrc                                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-2.0/main.rc                                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-3.0/gtk.css                                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-4.0/gtk-dark.css                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-4.0/gtk.css                                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/index.theme                                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/bottom-active.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/close-active.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/close-inactive.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/close-prelight.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/close-pressed.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/hide-active.png                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/left-active.png                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/left-inactive.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/maximize-active.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/menu-active.png                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/right-active.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/right-inactive.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/shade-active.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/stick-active.png                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/themerc                                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-1-active.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-2-active.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-3-active.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-4-active.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-5-active.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/top-left-active.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/top-right-active.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-active.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-active.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-inactive.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-prelight.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-pressed.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-active.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-active.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-inactive.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-active.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-active.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/themerc                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-active.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-active.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-today-light.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/calendar-today.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-focused.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-off-focused-light.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-off-focused.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-off-light.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox-off.svg            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/checkbox.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/close-window-active.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/close-window-hover.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/close-window.svg            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/dash-placeholder.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-off-light.svg        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-off.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-on-light.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/toggle-on.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/view-grid-symbolic-dark.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/assets/view-grid-symbolic.svg      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gnome-shell/gnome-shell.css                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/border.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-hover.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button-insensitive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/button.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-active.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-hover.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-active.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-hover.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-active.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-hover.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-insensitive.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/entry.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/focus.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-inline.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-notebook.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/frame.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-horz.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-vert.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/handle.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/line.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-border.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-hover.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-insensitive.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed-hover.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-down-insensitive.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-down.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left-hover.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left-insensitive.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right-hover.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right-insensitive.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-up-insensitive.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-up.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-hover.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-hover.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-insensitive.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed-hover.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar-item-active.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry-active.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry-insensitive.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-down-insensitive.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-down.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left-insensitive.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left-semi.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right-insensitive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right-semi.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-up-insensitive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-up.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-horz-trough.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-horz.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-vert-trough.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-vert.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-active.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-hover.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-active.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-hover.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-active.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-hover.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-focus.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-trough-active.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-trough.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-active.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-hover.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-insensitive.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-vert-trough-active.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-vert-trough.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-trough.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-active-rtl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-hover-rtl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-rtl.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-trough-rtl.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-trough.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-down-insensitive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-down.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-active.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-hover.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-insensitive.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-active.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-hover.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-insensitive.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-active.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-hover.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-insensitive.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-active.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-hover.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-insensitive.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-up-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-up.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-down-active.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-down.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-horz-gap.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left-active.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right-active.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-up-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-up.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-vert-gap.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down-active.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down-hover.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up-active.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up-hover.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-separator-ltr.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-separator-rtl.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/gtkrc                                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-2.0/main.rc                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/bullet-symbolic.svg             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/bullet-symbolic.symbolic.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/bullet@2-symbolic.symbolic.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/check-symbolic.svg              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/check-symbolic.symbolic.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/check@2-symbolic.symbolic.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-black.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-black@2.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-white.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/close-white@2.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/dash-symbolic.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/dash-symbolic.symbolic.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/dash@2-symbolic.symbolic.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo-dark.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo-dark@2.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/kali-headerbar-logo@2.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-dark.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-dark@2.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize@2.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-dark.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-dark@2.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize@2.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-active@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-hover@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-above@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-active@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-hover@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horz-scale-has-marks-below@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-active@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-backdrop@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-hover@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-above@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-active@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-backdrop@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-hover@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below-insensitive@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-scale-has-marks-below@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-active@2.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-dark.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-dark@2.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover-dark.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end-hover@2.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-end@2.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-active@2.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-dark.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-dark@2.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover-dark.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover-dark@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start-hover@2.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/text-select-start@2.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/titlebutton.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/assets/titlebutton@2.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/gtk.css                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-4.0/gtk.css                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/index.theme                                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-active.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/close-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/close-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/close-prelight.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/close-pressed.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/hide-active.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/left-active.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/left-inactive.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/menu-active.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/right-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/right-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/shade-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/stick-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/themerc                                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-1-active.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-2-active.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-3-active.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-4-active.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-5-active.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/top-left-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/top-right-active.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-active.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-active.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-inactive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-prelight.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-pressed.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-active.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-active.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-inactive.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-active.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-active.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-inactive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-active.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-active.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/themerc                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-active.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-active.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-active.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-active.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-active.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-active.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gnome-shell/gnome-shell.css                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/border.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/button-active.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/button-hover.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/button-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/button.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-active.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-hover.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-active.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-hover.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-active.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-hover.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-button.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-ltr-entry.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-button.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/combo-entry-rtl-entry.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-background.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry-insensitive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/entry.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/focus.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-inline.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/frame-notebook.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/frame.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-horz.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/handle-vert.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/handle.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/line.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-border.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-checked.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-hover.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-insensitive.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed-hover.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox-mixed.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-checkbox.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-down-insensitive.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-down.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left-hover.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left-insensitive.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-left.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right-hover.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-right.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-up-insensitive.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-pan-up.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-hover.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-checked.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-hover.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-insensitive.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed-hover.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio-mixed.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menu-radio.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/menubar-item-active.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-ltr-entry.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-combo-entry-rtl-entry.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry-active.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/notebook-entry.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-down-insensitive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-down.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left-insensitive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left-semi.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-left.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right-insensitive.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right-semi.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-right.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-up-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/pan-up.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-horz-trough.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-horz.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-vert-trough.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/progressbar-vert.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-active.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-hover.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-active.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-hover.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-active.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-hover.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-focus.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-trough-active.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-horz-trough.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-active.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-hover.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider-insensitive.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-slider.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-vert-trough-active.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scale-vert-trough.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-slider.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-horz-trough.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-active-rtl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-active.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-hover-rtl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-hover.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider-rtl.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-slider.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-trough-rtl.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/scrollbar-vert-trough.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-down-insensitive.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-down.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-active.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-hover.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down-insensitive.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-down.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-active.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-hover.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up-insensitive.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-ltr-up.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-active.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-hover.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down-insensitive.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-down.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-active.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-hover.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up-insensitive.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-rtl-up.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-up-insensitive.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/spin-up.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-down-active.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-down.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-horz-gap.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left-active.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-left.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right-active.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-right.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-up-active.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-up.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/tab-vert-gap.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down-active.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down-hover.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-down.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up-active.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up-hover.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-pan-up.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-separator-ltr.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/assets/treeview-separator-rtl.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/gtkrc                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-2.0/main.rc                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-3.0/gtk.css                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-4.0/gtk-dark.css                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-4.0/gtk.css                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/index.theme                                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/bottom-active.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/close-active.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/close-inactive.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/close-prelight.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/close-pressed.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/hide-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/left-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/left-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/maximize-active.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/menu-active.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/right-active.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/right-inactive.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/shade-active.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/stick-active.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/themerc                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-1-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-2-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-3-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-4-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-5-active.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/top-left-active.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/top-right-active.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-active.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-active.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-inactive.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-prelight.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/close-pressed.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-active.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-inactive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-prelight.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/hide-pressed.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-active.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/left-inactive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-active.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-active.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-inactive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/menu-pressed.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-active.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/right-inactive.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-active.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-inactive.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-prelight.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/shade-pressed.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-active.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-inactive.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-prelight.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/stick-pressed.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/themerc                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-active.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-active.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light-xHiDPI/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/CREDITS                                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/button-default.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/button-hover.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/button-insensitive.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/button-pressed.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked-over.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-over.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-mixed.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-over.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/null.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/panel-button-active.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/panel-button-hover.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/panel-button-inactive.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/panel.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked-over.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-checked.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed-over.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-mixed.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked-over.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/resize_grip.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-hover.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz-insensitive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-horiz.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-hover.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert-insensitive.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/slider-vert.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-horizontal.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/assets/trough-vertical.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/gtkrc                                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-2.0/panel.rc                                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-down-active.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-down.svg                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-left-active.svg                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-left.svg                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-right-active.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-right.svg                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-up-active.svg                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/arrow-up.svg                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive@2.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-over.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-over@2.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked@2.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive@2.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-over.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-over@2.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed@2.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive@2.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-over.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-over@2.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked@2.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/close-focused-active.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/close-focused.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/close-unfocused.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-focused.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/maximize-unfocused.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-focused.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/minimize-unfocused.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive@2.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-over.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-over@2.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked@2.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive@2.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-over.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-over@2.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed@2.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive@2.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-over.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-over@2.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked@2.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/restore-focused.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/restore-unfocused.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-hover.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-hover@2.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-insensitive.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-insensitive@2.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-top-hover.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-top-hover@2.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-top-insensitive.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-top-insensitive@2.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-top.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz-top@2.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-horiz@2.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-hover.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-hover@2.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-insensitive.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-insensitive@2.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-left-hover.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-left-hover@2.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-left-insensitive.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-left-insensitive@2.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-left.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert-left@2.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/slider-vert@2.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/gtk.css                                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/settings.ini                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/thumbnail.png                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/index.theme                                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/bottom-active.xpm                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/bottom-inactive.xpm                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/bottom-left-active.xpm                         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/bottom-left-inactive.xpm                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/bottom-right-active.xpm                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/bottom-right-inactive.xpm                      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/close-active.xpm                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/close-inactive.xpm                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/close-prelight.xpm                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/close-pressed.xpm                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/hide-active.xpm                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/hide-inactive.xpm                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/hide-prelight.xpm                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/hide-pressed.xpm                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/left-active.xpm                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/left-inactive.xpm                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/maximize-active.xpm                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/maximize-inactive.xpm                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/maximize-prelight.xpm                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/maximize-pressed.xpm                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-active.xpm                    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-inactive.xpm                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-prelight.xpm                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/maximize-toggled-pressed.xpm                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/menu-active.xpm                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/menu-inactive.xpm                              sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/right-active.xpm                               sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/right-inactive.xpm                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/themerc                                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/title-1-active.xpm                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/title-1-inactive.xpm                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/title-2-active.xpm                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/title-2-inactive.xpm                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/title-3-active.xpm                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/title-3-inactive.xpm                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/title-4-active.xpm                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/title-4-inactive.xpm                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/title-5-active.xpm                             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/title-5-inactive.xpm                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/top-left-active.xpm                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/top-left-inactive.xpm                          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/top-right-active.xpm                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/xfwm4/top-right-inactive.xpm                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/add.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/appointment.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/back.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/bookmark_add.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/bottom.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/centrejust.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/down.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/editclear.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/editcopy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/editcut.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/editdelete.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/editpaste.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/exit.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/filefind.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/filenew.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/fileopen.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/filesave.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/filesaveas.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/find.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/finish.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/forward.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gnome-run.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gnome-searchtool.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gnome-stock-mail-snd.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/go-jump.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gohome.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-about.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-add.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-bold.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-cancel.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-clear.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-close.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-copy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-cut.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-delete.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-execute.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-find.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-fullscreen.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-go-down.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-go-up.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-goto-top.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-help.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-italic.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-jump-to-ltr.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-jump-to-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-justify-center.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-justify-left.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-justify-right.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-leave-fullscreen.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-media-forward-ltr.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-media-forward-rtl.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-media-next-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-media-next-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-media-pause.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-media-play-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-media-previous-ltr.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-media-previous-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-media-record.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-media-stop.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-new.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-open.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-paste.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-print.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-properties.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-quit.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-refresh.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-remove.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-save-as.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-save.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-select-all.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-sort-ascending.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-sort-descending.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-spell-check.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-stop.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-underline.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-zoom-100.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-zoom-fit.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-zoom-in.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/gtk-zoom-out.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/help.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/kfind.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/kfm_home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/leftjust.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/lock.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail_forward.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail_new.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail_reply.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail_replyall.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail_send.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/mail_spam.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/next.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/player_eject.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/player_end.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/player_fwd.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/player_pause.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/player_play.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/player_record.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/player_rew.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/player_start.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/player_stop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/previous.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/redhat-home.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/redo.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/reload.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/reload3.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/reload_all_tabs.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/reload_page.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/remove.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/revert.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/rightjust.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/search.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/start.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_about.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_bottom.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_close.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_copy.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_cut.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_delete.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_down.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_file-properites.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_first.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_fullscreen.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_help.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_home.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_last.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_leave-fullscreen.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_left.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_mail-compose.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_mail-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_mail-reply.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_mail-send.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_media-fwd.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_media-next.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_media-pause.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_media-play.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_media-prev.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_media-rec.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_media-rew.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_media-stop.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_new-address-book.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_new-appointment.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_new-bcard.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_new-dir.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_new-tab.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_new-text.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_new-window.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_paste.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_print-setup.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_print.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_properties.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_redo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_refresh.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_right.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_save-as.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_save.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_search.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_select-all.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_spam.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_spellcheck.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_stop.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_text_bold.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_text_center.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_text_indent.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_text_italic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_text_justify.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_text_left.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_text_right.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_text_underlined.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_text_unindent.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_top.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_undo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_up.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_zoom-1.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_zoom-in.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_zoom-out.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stock_zoom-page.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/stop.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/tab_new.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/text_bold.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/text_italic.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/text_strike.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/text_under.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/top.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/undo.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/up.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/viewmag+.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/viewmag-.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/viewmag1.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/viewmagfit.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/window_fullscreen.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/window_new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/window_nofullscreen.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/xfce-system-exit.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/xfce-system-lock.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/actions/zoom-best-fit.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/animations/gnome-spinner.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/Thunar.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/VBox.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/Vbox.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/Xfwm4CompositeEditor.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/access.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/accessibility-directory.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/arts.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/background.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/blueman-device.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/blueman.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/calc.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/ccsm.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/compiz-manager.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/config-language.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/config-users.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/engrampa.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/file.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/fonts.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-calculator.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-character-map.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-help.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-mixer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-monitor.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-settings-background.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-settings-font.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-settings-keybindings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-software.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-terminal.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gnome-window-manager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/gucharmap.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/kcalc.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/kcharselect.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/kcmkwm.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/kcmsound.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/kedit.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/key_bindings.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/kfm.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/khelpcenter.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/konsole.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/kscreensaver.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/ksysguard.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/kuser.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/kwin.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/locale.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/multimedia.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/openterm.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.ScreenSaver.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.filemanager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.mousepad.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.panel.tasklist.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.panel.windowmenu.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.parole.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.ristretto.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.screenshooter.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.settings.accessibility.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.settings.appearance.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.settings.editor.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.settings.keyboard.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.settings.manager.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.taskmanager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.terminal-settings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.terminal.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.terminalemulator.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.thunar.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.webbrowser.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.xfburn.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4-tweaks.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/parole.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/plank.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-desktop.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-system-power-manager.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/preferences-system-power.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/redhat-filemanager.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/ristretto.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/screensaver.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/softwarecenter-ubuntu.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/style.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/susehelpcenter.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/system-config-users.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/terminal.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/text-editor.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/update-manager.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/vbox.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/virtual-box.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/volume-knob.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/wallpaper.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xfburn.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xfce-edit.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xfce-filemanager.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xfce-man.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xfce-terminal.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xfce4-backdrop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xfce4-mixer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xfce4-settings.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xfce4-ui.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xfsm-switch-user.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xfwm4.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/xscreensaver.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/apps/zen-icon.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/gnome-applications.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/gnome-control-center.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/gnome-devel.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/gnome-globe.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/gnome-graphics.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/gnome-joystick.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/gnome-multimedia.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/gnome-other.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/gnome-settings.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/gnome-system.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/gnome-util.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/gtk-preferences.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/input_devices_settings.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/kcontrol.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/package_development.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/package_games.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/package_graphics.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/package_multimedia.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/package_network.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/package_office.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/package_settings.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/package_system.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/package_utilities.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/redhat-accessories.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/redhat-games.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/redhat-graphics.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/redhat-internet.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/redhat-office.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/redhat-preferences.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/redhat-programming.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/redhat-sound_video.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/redhat-system_settings.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/redhat-system_tools.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/stock_internet.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/xfce-devel.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/xfce-games.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/xfce-graphics.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/xfce-internet.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/xfce-multimedia.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/xfce-office.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/xfce-system-settings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/xfce-system.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/xfce-utils.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/categories/xfce4-settings.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/3floppy_unmount.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/camera.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/camera_unmount.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/cdrom_unmount.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/chardevice.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/display.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/drive-cdrom.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/dvd_unmount.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-battery.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-ethernet.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-dev-wavelan.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-fs-client.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-modem.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gnome-stock-mic.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gtk-cdrom.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gtk-floppy.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/gtk-harddisk.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/harddrive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/hdd_unmount.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/ipod_mount.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/joystick.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/keyboard.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/kjobviewer.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/kxkb.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/media-cdrom.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/media-removable.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/mouse.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/nm-adhoc.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/nm-device-wired.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/nm-device-wireless.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/printer-remote.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/printer1.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/printmgr.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/stock_cell-phone.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/stock_mic.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/stock_printers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/system-floppy.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/system.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/xfce-printer.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/xfce4-display.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/xfce4-keyboard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/xfce4-mouse.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/yast_HD.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/yast_idetude.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/yast_joystick.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/yast_mouse.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/yast_printer.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/devices/yast_soundcard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-noread.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emblems/emblem-nowrite.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-1.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-10.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-11.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-13.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-15.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-18.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-2.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-22.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-3.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-4.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-5.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-6.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-7.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/emotes/stock_smiley-8.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-install.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-x-bittorrent.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-xml-dtd.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/application-xslt+xml.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/ascii.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/binary.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/contents2.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/document.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/empty.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/exec.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/folder_tar.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/font.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/font_truetype.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/font_type1.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-magicpoint.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.lotus-1-2-3.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-excel.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-secure.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-vbr.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.calc.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.impress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bittorrent.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnumeric.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kpresenter.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kspread.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shockwave-flash.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xml.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcalendar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcard.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gnome-package.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/gtk-file.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/html.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/image.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/kpresenter_kpr.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/misc.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/package.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/package_editors.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/plan.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/rpm.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/shellscript.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/sound.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/spreadsheet.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/stock_addressbook.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/stock_calendar.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/stock_script.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/tar.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/template_source.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/text-rdf+xml.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/text-x-opml+xml.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/text-xhtml+xml.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/text-xml.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/tgz.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/torrent.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/txt.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/txt2.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/vcalendar.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/vcard.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/video.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/www.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/mimetypes/zip.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/desktop.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/distributor-logo.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/emptytrash.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/folder_home.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-fs-directory.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-fs-home.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-fs-server.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-fs-share.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-fs-smb.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-main-menu.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gnome-stock-trash.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gtk-directory.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/gtk-network.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/inode-directory.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/network.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/novell-button.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/org.xfce.gigolo.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/org.xfce.xfdesktop.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/redhat-network-server.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/start-here.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/stock_folder.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/trashcan_empty.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/places/xfce-trash_empty.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/connect_creating.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/connect_established.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/connect_no.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/edittrash.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/error.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/folder_open.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gnome-dev-wavelan-encrypted.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gnome-netstatus-disconn.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gnome-netstatus-error.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gnome-netstatus-idle.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gnome-netstatus-rx.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gnome-netstatus-tx.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gnome-netstatus-txrx.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gtk-dialog-authentication.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gtk-dialog-error.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gtk-dialog-info.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gtk-dialog-question.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gtk-directory.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/gtk-missing-image.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/important.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/info.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/messagebox_critical.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/messagebox_info.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/messagebox_warning.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/nm-no-connection.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_appointment-reminder-excl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_appointment-reminder.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_attach.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_dialog-error.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_dialog-info.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_dialog-question.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_dialog-warning.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_lock-broken.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_lock-ok.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_lock-open.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_lock.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_mail-open.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_mail-replied.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_mail-unread.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_open.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_trash_full.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_volume-0.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_volume-max.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_volume-med.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_volume-min.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_volume-mute.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_volume.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_weather-cloudy.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_weather-few-clouds.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_weather-fog.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_weather-night-clear.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_weather-showers.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_weather-snow.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_weather-storm.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/stock_weather-sunny.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/sunny.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/trashcan_full.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/16x16/status/xfce-trash_full.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/add.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/appointment.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/back.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/bookmark_add.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/bottom.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/centrejust.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/down.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/editclear.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/editcopy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/editcut.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/editdelete.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/editpaste.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/exit.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/filefind.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/filenew.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/fileopen.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/fileprint.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/filesave.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/filesaveas.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/find.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/finish.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/folder_new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/forward.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gnome-run.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gnome-searchtool.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-snd.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gohome.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-add.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-bold.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-cancel.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-clear.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-close.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-copy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-cut.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-delete.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-execute.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-find.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-fullscreen.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-go-down.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-go-up.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-goto-top.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-help.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-italic.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-jump-to-ltr.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-jump-to-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-justify-center.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-justify-left.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-justify-right.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-leave-fullscreen.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-media-forward-ltr.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-media-forward-rtl.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-media-next-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-media-next-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-media-pause.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-media-play-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-media-previous-ltr.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-media-previous-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-media-record.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-media-stop.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-new.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-open.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-paste.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-print.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-properties.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-quit.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-refresh.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-remove.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-save-as.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-save.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-select-all.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-sort-ascending.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-sort-descending.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-spell-check.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-stop.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-underline.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-zoom-100.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-zoom-fit.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-zoom-in.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/gtk-zoom-out.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/help.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/kfind.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/kfm_home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/leftjust.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/lock.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail_forward.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail_new.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail_reply.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail_replyall.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail_send.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/mail_spam.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/next.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/player_eject.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/player_end.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/player_fwd.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/player_pause.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/player_play.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/player_record.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/player_rew.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/player_start.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/player_stop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/previous.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/redhat-home.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/redo.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/reload.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/reload3.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/reload_all_tabs.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/reload_page.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/remove.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/revert.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/rightjust.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/search.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/start.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_about.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_bottom.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_close.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_copy.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_cut.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_delete.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_down.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_file-properites.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_first.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_fullscreen.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_help.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_home.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_last.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_leave-fullscreen.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_left.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_mail-compose.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_mail-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_mail-reply.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_mail-send.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_media-fwd.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_media-next.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_media-pause.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_media-play.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_media-prev.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_media-rec.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_media-rew.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_media-stop.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_new-address-book.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_new-appointment.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_new-bcard.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_new-dir.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_new-tab.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_new-text.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_new-window.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_paste.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_print-setup.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_print.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_properties.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_redo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_refresh.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_right.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_save-as.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_save.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_search.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_select-all.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_spam.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_spellcheck.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_stop.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_text_bold.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_text_center.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_text_indent.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_text_italic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_text_justify.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_text_left.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_text_right.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_text_underlined.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_text_unindent.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_top.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_undo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_up.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_zoom-1.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_zoom-in.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_zoom-out.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stock_zoom-page.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/stop.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/tab_new.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/text_bold.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/text_italic.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/text_strike.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/text_under.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/top.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/undo.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/up.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/viewmag+.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/viewmag-.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/viewmag1.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/viewmagfit.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/window_fullscreen.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/window_new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/window_nofullscreen.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/xfce-system-exit.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/xfce-system-lock.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/actions/zoom-best-fit.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/animations/gnome-spinner.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/Thunar.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/Xfwm4CompositeEditor.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/access.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/accessibility-directory.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/arts.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/background.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/calc.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/config-language.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/config-users.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/engrampa.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/file-manager.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/file.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/fonts.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-calculator.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-character-map.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-help.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-mixer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-monitor.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-settings-background.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-settings-font.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-settings-keybindings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-software.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-terminal.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gnome-window-manager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/gucharmap.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/kcalc.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/kcharselect.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/kcmkwm.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/kcmsound.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/kedit.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/key_bindings.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/kfm.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/khelpcenter.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/konsole.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/kscreensaver.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/ksysguard.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/kuser.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/kwin.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/locale.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/multimedia.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/openterm.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.ScreenSaver.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.filemanager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.mousepad.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.panel.tasklist.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.panel.windowmenu.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.parole.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.ristretto.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.screenshooter.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.settings.accessibility.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.settings.appearance.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.settings.editor.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.settings.keyboard.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.settings.manager.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.taskmanager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.terminal-settings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.terminal.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.terminalemulator.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.thunar.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.webbrowser.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4-tweaks.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/parole.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/preferences-desktop.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/redhat-filemanager.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/ristretto.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/screensaver.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/softwarecenter-ubuntu.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/style.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/susehelpcenter.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/system-config-users.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/terminal.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/text-editor.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/update-manager.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/volume-knob.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/wallpaper.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/xfce-edit.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/xfce-filemanager.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/xfce-man.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/xfce-terminal.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/xfce4-backdrop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/xfce4-mixer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/xfce4-settings.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/xfce4-ui.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/xfsm-switch-user.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/xfwm4.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/xscreensaver.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/apps/zen-icon.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/applications-games.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/gnome-applications.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/gnome-control-center.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/gnome-devel.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/gnome-globe.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/gnome-graphics.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/gnome-joystick.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/gnome-multimedia.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/gnome-other.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/gnome-settings.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/gnome-system.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/gnome-util.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/gtk-preferences.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/input_devices_settings.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/kcontrol.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/package_development.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/package_games.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/package_graphics.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/package_multimedia.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/package_network.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/package_office.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/package_settings.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/package_system.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/package_utilities.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/redhat-accessories.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/redhat-games.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/redhat-graphics.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/redhat-internet.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/redhat-office.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/redhat-preferences.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/redhat-programming.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/redhat-sound_video.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/redhat-system_settings.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/redhat-system_tools.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/stock_internet.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/xfce-devel.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/xfce-graphics.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/xfce-internet.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/xfce-multimedia.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/xfce-office.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/xfce-system-settings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/xfce-system.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/xfce-utils.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/categories/xfce4-settings.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/3floppy_unmount.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/camera.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/camera_unmount.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/cdrom_unmount.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/chardevice.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/display.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/drive-cdrom.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/dvd_unmount.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-battery.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-ethernet.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-dev-wavelan.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-fs-client.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-modem.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gnome-stock-mic.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gtk-cdrom.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gtk-floppy.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/gtk-harddisk.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/harddrive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/hdd_unmount.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/ipod_mount.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/joystick.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/keyboard.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/kjobviewer.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/kxkb.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/media-cdrom.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/media-removable.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/mouse.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/nm-adhoc.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/nm-device-wired.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/nm-device-wireless.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/printer-remote.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/printer1.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/printmgr.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/stock_cell-phone.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/stock_mic.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/stock_printers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/system-floppy.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/system.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/xfce-printer.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/xfce4-display.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/xfce4-keyboard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/xfce4-mouse.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/yast_HD.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/yast_idetude.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/yast_joystick.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/yast_mouse.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/yast_printer.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/devices/yast_soundcard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-noread.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emblems/emblem-nowrite.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-1.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-10.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-11.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-13.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-15.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-18.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-2.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-22.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-3.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-4.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-5.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-6.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-7.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/emotes/stock_smiley-8.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-install.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-xml-dtd.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/application-xslt+xml.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/ascii.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/binary.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/contents2.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/document.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/empty.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/exec.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/folder_tar.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/font.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/font_truetype.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/font_type1.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-magicpoint.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.lotus-1-2-3.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-excel.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-secure.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-vbr.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.calc.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.impress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnumeric.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kpresenter.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kspread.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shockwave-flash.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xml.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcalendar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcard.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gnome-package.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/gtk-file.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/html.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/image.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/kpresenter_kpr.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/misc.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/package.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/package_editors.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/plan.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/rpm.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/shellscript.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/sound.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/spreadsheet.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/stock_addressbook.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/stock_calendar.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/stock_script.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/tar.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/template_source.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/text-rdf+xml.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/text-x-opml+xml.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/text-xhtml+xml.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/text-xml.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/tgz.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/txt.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/txt2.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/vcalendar.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/vcard.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/video.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/www.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/mimetypes/zip.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/desktop.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/distributor-logo.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/emptytrash.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/folder_home.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-fs-directory.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-fs-home.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-fs-server.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-fs-share.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-fs-smb.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-main-menu.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gnome-stock-trash.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gtk-directory.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/gtk-network.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/inode-directory.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/network.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/novell-button.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/org.xfce.gigolo.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/org.xfce.xfdesktop.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/redhat-network-server.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/server.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/start-here.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/stock_folder.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/trashcan_empty.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/places/xfce-trash_empty.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/connect_creating.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/connect_established.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/connect_no.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/edittrash.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/error.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/folder_open.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gnome-dev-wavelan-encrypted.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gnome-netstatus-disconn.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gnome-netstatus-error.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gnome-netstatus-idle.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gnome-netstatus-rx.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gnome-netstatus-tx.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gnome-netstatus-txrx.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gtk-dialog-authentication.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gtk-dialog-error.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gtk-dialog-info.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gtk-dialog-question.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gtk-directory.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/gtk-missing-image.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/important.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/info.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/messagebox_critical.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/messagebox_info.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/messagebox_warning.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/nm-no-connection.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_appointment-reminder-excl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_appointment-reminder.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_attach.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_dialog-error.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_dialog-info.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_dialog-question.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_dialog-warning.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_lock-broken.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_lock-ok.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_lock-open.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_lock.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_mail-open.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_mail-replied.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_mail-unread.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_open.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_repeat.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_shuffle.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_trash_full.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_volume-0.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_volume-max.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_volume-med.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_volume-min.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_volume-mute.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_volume.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_weather-cloudy.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_weather-few-clouds.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_weather-fog.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_weather-night-clear.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_weather-showers.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_weather-snow.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_weather-storm.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/stock_weather-sunny.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/sunny.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/trashcan_full.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/22x22/status/xfce-trash_full.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/add.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/appointment.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/back.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/bookmark_add.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/bottom.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/centrejust.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/down.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/editclear.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/editcopy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/editcut.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/editdelete.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/editpaste.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/exit.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/filefind.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/filenew.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/fileopen.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/fileprint.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/filesave.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/filesaveas.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/find.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/finish.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/folder_new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/forward.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gnome-run.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gnome-searchtool.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gnome-stock-mail-snd.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gohome.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-about.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-add.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-bold.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-cancel.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-clear.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-close.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-copy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-cut.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-delete.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-execute.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-find.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-fullscreen.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-go-down.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-go-up.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-goto-top.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-help.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-italic.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-jump-to-ltr.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-jump-to-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-justify-center.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-justify-left.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-justify-right.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-leave-fullscreen.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-media-forward-ltr.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-media-forward-rtl.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-media-next-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-media-next-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-media-pause.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-media-play-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-media-previous-ltr.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-media-previous-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-media-record.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-media-stop.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-new.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-open.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-paste.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-print.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-properties.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-quit.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-refresh.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-remove.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-save-as.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-save.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-select-all.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-sort-ascending.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-sort-descending.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-spell-check.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-stop.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-underline.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-zoom-100.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-zoom-fit.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-zoom-in.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/gtk-zoom-out.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/help.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/kfind.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/kfm_home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/leftjust.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/lock.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail_forward.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail_new.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail_reply.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail_replyall.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail_send.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/mail_spam.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/next.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/player_eject.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/player_end.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/player_fwd.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/player_pause.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/player_play.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/player_record.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/player_rew.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/player_start.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/player_stop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/previous.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/redhat-home.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/redo.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/reload.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/reload3.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/reload_all_tabs.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/reload_page.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/remove.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/revert.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/rightjust.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/search.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/start.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_about.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_bottom.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_close.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_copy.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_cut.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_delete.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_down.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_file-properites.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_first.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_fullscreen.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_help.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_home.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_last.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_leave-fullscreen.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_left.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_mail-compose.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_mail-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_mail-reply.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_mail-send.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_media-fwd.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_media-next.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_media-pause.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_media-play.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_media-prev.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_media-rec.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_media-rew.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_media-stop.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_new-address-book.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_new-appointment.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_new-bcard.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_new-dir.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_new-tab.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_new-text.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_new-window.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_paste.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_print-setup.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_print.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_properties.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_redo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_refresh.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_right.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_save-as.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_save.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_search.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_select-all.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_spam.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_spellcheck.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_stop.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_text_bold.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_text_center.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_text_indent.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_text_italic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_text_justify.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_text_left.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_text_right.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_text_underlined.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_text_unindent.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_top.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_undo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_up.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_zoom-1.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_zoom-in.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_zoom-out.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stock_zoom-page.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/stop.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/tab_new.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/text_bold.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/text_italic.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/text_strike.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/text_under.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/top.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/undo.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/up.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/viewmag+.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/viewmag-.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/viewmag1.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/viewmagfit.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/window_fullscreen.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/window_new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/window_nofullscreen.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/xfce-system-exit.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/xfce-system-lock.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/actions/zoom-best-fit.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/Thunar.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/VBox.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/Vbox.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/Xfwm4CompositeEditor.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/access.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/accessibility-directory.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/arts.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/background.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/blueman-device.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/blueman.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/calc.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/ccsm.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/compiz-manager.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/config-language.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/config-users.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/engrampa.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/file-manager.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/file.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/fonts.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-calculator.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-character-map.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-help.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-mixer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-monitor.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-settings-background.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-settings-font.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-settings-keybindings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-software.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-terminal.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gnome-window-manager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/gucharmap.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/kcalc.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/kcharselect.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/kcmkwm.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/kcmsound.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/kedit.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/key_bindings.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/kfm.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/khelpcenter.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/konsole.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/kscreensaver.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/ksysguard.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/kuser.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/kwin.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/locale.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/multimedia.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/openterm.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.ScreenSaver.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.filemanager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.mousepad.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.panel.tasklist.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.panel.windowmenu.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.parole.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.ristretto.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.screenshooter.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.settings.accessibility.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.settings.appearance.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.settings.editor.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.settings.keyboard.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.settings.manager.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.taskmanager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.terminal-settings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.terminal.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.terminalemulator.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.thunar.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.webbrowser.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4-tweaks.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/parole.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/plank.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-desktop.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-system-power-manager.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/preferences-system-power.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/redhat-filemanager.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/ristretto.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/screensaver.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/softwarecenter-ubuntu.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/style.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/susehelpcenter.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/system-config-users.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/terminal.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/text-editor.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/update-manager.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/vbox.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/virtual-box.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/volume-knob.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/wallpaper.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/xfce-edit.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/xfce-filemanager.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/xfce-man.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/xfce-terminal.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/xfce4-backdrop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/xfce4-mixer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/xfce4-settings.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/xfce4-ui.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/xfsm-switch-user.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/xfwm4.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/xscreensaver.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/apps/zen-icon.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/applications-games.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/gnome-applications.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/gnome-control-center.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/gnome-devel.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/gnome-globe.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/gnome-graphics.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/gnome-joystick.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/gnome-multimedia.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/gnome-other.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/gnome-settings.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/gnome-system.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/gnome-util.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/gtk-preferences.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/input_devices_settings.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/kcontrol.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/package_development.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/package_games.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/package_graphics.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/package_multimedia.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/package_network.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/package_office.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/package_settings.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/package_system.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/package_utilities.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/redhat-accessories.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/redhat-games.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/redhat-graphics.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/redhat-internet.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/redhat-office.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/redhat-preferences.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/redhat-programming.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/redhat-sound_video.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/redhat-system_settings.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/redhat-system_tools.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/stock_internet.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/xfce-devel.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/xfce-graphics.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/xfce-internet.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/xfce-multimedia.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/xfce-office.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/xfce-system-settings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/xfce-system.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/xfce-utils.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/categories/xfce4-settings.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/3floppy_unmount.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/camera.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/camera_unmount.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/cdrom_unmount.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/chardevice.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/display.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/drive-cdrom.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/dvd_unmount.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-battery.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-ethernet.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-dev-wavelan.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-fs-client.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-modem.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gnome-stock-mic.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gtk-cdrom.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gtk-floppy.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/gtk-harddisk.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/harddrive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/hdd_unmount.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/ipod_mount.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/joystick.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/keyboard.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/kjobviewer.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/kxkb.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/media-cdrom.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/media-removable.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/mouse.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/nm-adhoc.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/nm-device-wired.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/nm-device-wireless.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/printer-remote.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/printer1.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/printmgr.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/stock_cell-phone.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/stock_mic.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/stock_printers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/system-floppy.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/system.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/xfce-printer.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/xfce4-display.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/xfce4-keyboard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/xfce4-mouse.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/yast_HD.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/yast_idetude.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/yast_joystick.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/yast_mouse.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/yast_printer.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/devices/yast_soundcard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-noread.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emblems/emblem-nowrite.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-1.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-10.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-11.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-13.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-15.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-18.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-2.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-22.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-3.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-4.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-5.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-6.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-7.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/emotes/stock_smiley-8.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-install.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-x-bittorrent.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-xml-dtd.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/application-xslt+xml.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/ascii.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/binary.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/contents2.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/document.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/empty.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/exec.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/folder_tar.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/font.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/font_truetype.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/font_type1.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-magicpoint.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.lotus-1-2-3.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-excel.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-secure.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-vbr.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.calc.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.impress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bittorrent.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnumeric.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kpresenter.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kspread.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shockwave-flash.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xml.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcalendar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcard.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gnome-package.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/gtk-file.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/html.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/image.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/kpresenter_kpr.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/misc.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/package.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/package_editors.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/plan.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/rpm.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/shellscript.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/sound.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/spreadsheet.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/stock_addressbook.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/stock_calendar.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/stock_script.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/tar.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/template_source.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/text-rdf+xml.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/text-x-opml+xml.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/text-xhtml+xml.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/text-xml.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/tgz.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/torrent.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/txt.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/txt2.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/vcalendar.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/vcard.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/video.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/www.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/mimetypes/zip.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/desktop.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/distributor-logo.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/emptytrash.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/folder_home.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-fs-directory.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-fs-home.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-fs-server.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-fs-share.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-fs-smb.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-main-menu.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gnome-stock-trash.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gtk-directory.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/gtk-network.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/inode-directory.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/network.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/novell-button.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/org.xfce.gigolo.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/org.xfce.xfdesktop.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/redhat-network-server.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/server.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/start-here.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/stock_folder.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/trashcan_empty.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/places/xfce-trash_empty.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/connect_creating.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/connect_established.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/connect_no.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/edittrash.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/error.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/folder_open.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gnome-dev-wavelan-encrypted.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gnome-netstatus-disconn.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gnome-netstatus-error.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gnome-netstatus-idle.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gnome-netstatus-rx.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gnome-netstatus-tx.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gnome-netstatus-txrx.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gtk-dialog-authentication.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gtk-dialog-error.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gtk-dialog-info.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gtk-dialog-question.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gtk-directory.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/gtk-missing-image.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/important.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/info.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/messagebox_critical.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/messagebox_info.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/messagebox_warning.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/nm-no-connection.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_appointment-reminder-excl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_appointment-reminder.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_attach.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_dialog-error.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_dialog-info.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_dialog-question.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_dialog-warning.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_lock-broken.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_lock-ok.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_lock-open.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_lock.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_mail-open.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_mail-replied.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_mail-unread.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_open.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_repeat.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_shuffle.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_trash_full.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_volume-0.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_volume-max.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_volume-med.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_volume-min.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_volume-mute.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_volume.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_weather-cloudy.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_weather-few-clouds.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_weather-fog.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_weather-night-clear.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_weather-showers.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_weather-snow.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_weather-storm.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/stock_weather-sunny.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/sunny.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/trashcan_full.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/24x24/status/xfce-trash_full.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/appointment.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/back.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/editdelete.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/filefind.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/filenew.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/fileopen.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/fileprint.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/filesave.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/filesaveas.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/find.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/finish.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/folder_new.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/forward.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gnome-run.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gnome-searchtool.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gnome-shutdown.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-cancel.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-delete.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-execute.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-find.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-new.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-open.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-print.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-properties.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-refresh.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-save-as.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-save.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-select-all.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/gtk-stop.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/kfind.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/lock.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/mail_new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/next.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/previous.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/reload.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/reload3.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/reload_all_tabs.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/reload_page.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/revert.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/search.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/start.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_delete.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_file-properites.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_first.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_last.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_left.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_mail-compose.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_new-address-book.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_new-appointment.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_new-dir.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_new-text.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_print-setup.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_print.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_properties.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_refresh.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_right.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_save-as.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_save.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_search.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_select-all.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stock_stop.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/stop.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/actions/xfce-system-lock.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/Thunar.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/VBox.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/Vbox.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/Xfwm4CompositeEditor.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/access.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/accessibility-directory.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/arts.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/background.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/blueman-device.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/blueman.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/calc.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/catfish.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/ccsm.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/clipit-trayicon.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/clock.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/compiz-manager.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/config-language.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/config-users.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-backgrounds.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-cat-appearance.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-details.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-screensaver.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-sound.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-sources.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-themes.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/cs-user-accounts.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/email.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/engrampa.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/file-manager.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/file.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/fonts.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-calculator.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-character-map.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-help.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-mixer.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-monitor.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-settings-background.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-settings-font.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-settings-keybindings.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-software.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-terminal.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gnome-volume-control.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/gucharmap.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/kcalc.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/kcharselect.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/kcmsound.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/kedit.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/key_bindings.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/kfm.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/khelpcenter.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/konsole.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/kscreensaver.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/ksysguard.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/kuser.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/ligthdm-gtk-greeter-settings.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/locale.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/multimedia.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/openterm.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.Dictionary.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.ScreenSaver.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.appfinder.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.catfish.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.filemanager.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.mailreader.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.mousepad.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.notification.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.panel.applicationsmenu.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.panel.clock.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.panel.pager.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.panel.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.panel.tasklist.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.panel.windowmenu.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.powermanager.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.ristretto.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.screenshooter.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.session.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.settings.accessibility.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.settings.appearance.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.settings.color.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.settings.default-applications.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.settings.display.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.settings.editor.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.settings.keyboard.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.settings.manager.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.settings.mouse.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.settings.preferred-applications.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.taskmanager.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.terminal-settings.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.terminal.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.terminalemulator.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.thunar.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.webbrowser.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.workspaces.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.xfburn.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.xfdesktop.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4-tweaks.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/plank.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-desktop.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-system-power-manager.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/preferences-system-power.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/redhat-filemanager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/ristretto.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/screensaver.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/softwarecenter-ubuntu.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/style.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/susehelpcenter.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/system-config-users.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/terminal.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/text-editor.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/tilda.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/update-manager.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/user-desktop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/vbox.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/video-display.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/virtual-box.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/volume-knob.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/wallpaper.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/window-manager.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/workspace-switcher-top-left.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/x-office-calendar.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfburn.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce-edit.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce-filemanager.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce-man.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce-schedule.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce-sound.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce-system-info.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce-terminal.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-backdrop.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-color-settings.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-mixer.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-notes-plugin.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-panel-menu.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-panel.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-power-manager-settings.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-settings.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-sound.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfce4-workspaces.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xfsm-switch-user.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/xscreensaver.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/apps/zen-icon.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/applications-games.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/gnome-applications.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/gnome-devel.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/gnome-globe.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/gnome-graphics.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/gnome-system.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/package_development.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/package_graphics.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/package_network.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/package_office.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/package_settings.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/package_system.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/redhat-graphics.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/redhat-internet.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/redhat-office.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/redhat-programming.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/redhat-system_settings.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/redhat-system_tools.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/stock_internet.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/xfce-devel.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/xfce-graphics.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/xfce-internet.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/xfce-office.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/xfce-system-settings.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/categories/xfce-system.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/3floppy_unmount.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/camera.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/camera_unmount.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/cdrom_unmount.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/chardevice.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/display.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/drive-cdrom.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/dvd_unmount.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-battery.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-fs-client.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gnome-stock-mic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gtk-cdrom.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gtk-floppy.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/gtk-harddisk.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/harddrive.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/hdd_unmount.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/ipod_mount.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/keyboard.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/kjobviewer.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/kxkb.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/media-cdrom.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/media-removable.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/mouse.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/printer-remote.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/printer1.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/printmgr.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/stock_cell-phone.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/stock_mic.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/stock_printers.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/system-floppy.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/system.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/xfce-printer.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/xfce4-display.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/xfce4-keyboard.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/xfce4-mouse.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/yast_HD.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/yast_idetude.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/yast_mouse.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/devices/yast_printer.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emblems/emblem-noread.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emblems/emblem-nowrite.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/stock_smiley-1.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/stock_smiley-11.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/stock_smiley-15.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/stock_smiley-18.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/stock_smiley-2.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/stock_smiley-3.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/stock_smiley-4.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/stock_smiley-5.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/stock_smiley-6.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/stock_smiley-7.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/emotes/stock_smiley-8.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-install.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-x-bittorrent.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-xml-dtd.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/application-xslt+xml.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/ascii.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/binary.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/contents2.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/document.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/empty.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/exec.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/folder_tar.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/font.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/font_truetype.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/font_type1.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-magicpoint.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.lotus-1-2-3.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-excel.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-secure.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-vbr.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.calc.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.impress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bittorrent.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnumeric.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kpresenter.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kspread.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shockwave-flash.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xml.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcard.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gnome-package.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/gtk-file.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/html.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/image.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/kpresenter_kpr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/misc.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/package.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/package_editors.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/rpm.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/shellscript.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/sound.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/spreadsheet.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/stock_addressbook.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/stock_script.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/tar.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/template_source.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/text-rdf+xml.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/text-x-opml+xml.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/text-xhtml+xml.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/text-xml.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/tgz.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/torrent.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/txt.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/txt2.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/vcard.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/video.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/www.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/mimetypes/zip.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/desktop.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/emptytrash.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/folder_home.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-fs-directory.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-fs-home.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-fs-server.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-fs-share.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-fs-smb.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gnome-stock-trash.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gtk-directory.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/gtk-network.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/inode-directory.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/network.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/org.xfce.gigolo.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/org.xfce.xfdesktop.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/redhat-network-server.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/server.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/stock_folder.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/trashcan_empty.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/places/xfce-trash_empty.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/connect_creating.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/connect_established.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/connect_no.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/edittrash.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/error.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/folder_open.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gnome-netstatus-disconn.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gnome-netstatus-error.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gnome-netstatus-idle.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gnome-netstatus-rx.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gnome-netstatus-tx.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gnome-netstatus-txrx.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gtk-dialog-authentication.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gtk-dialog-error.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gtk-dialog-info.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gtk-dialog-question.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gtk-directory.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/gtk-missing-image.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/important.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/info.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/messagebox_critical.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/messagebox_info.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/messagebox_warning.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/nm-no-connection.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_appointment-reminder-excl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_appointment-reminder.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_dialog-error.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_dialog-info.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_dialog-question.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_dialog-warning.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_lock-broken.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_lock-ok.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_lock-open.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_lock.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_mail-open.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_open.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_trash_full.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_volume-0.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_volume-max.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_volume-med.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_volume-min.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_volume-mute.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/stock_volume.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/trashcan_full.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/256x256/status/xfce-trash_full.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/add.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/appointment.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/back.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/bookmark_add.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/bottom.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/centrejust.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/down.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/editclear.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/editcopy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/editcut.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/editdelete.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/editpaste.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/exit.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/filefind.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/filenew.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/fileopen.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/fileprint.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/filesave.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/filesaveas.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/find.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/finish.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/folder_new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/forward.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gnome-run.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gnome-searchtool.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gnome-stock-mail-snd.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gohome.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-about.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-add.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-bold.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-cancel.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-clear.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-close.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-copy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-cut.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-delete.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-execute.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-find.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-fullscreen.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-go-down.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-go-up.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-goto-top.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-help.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-italic.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-jump-to-ltr.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-jump-to-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-justify-center.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-justify-left.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-justify-right.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-leave-fullscreen.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-media-forward-ltr.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-media-forward-rtl.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-media-next-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-media-next-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-media-pause.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-media-play-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-media-previous-ltr.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-media-previous-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-media-record.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-media-stop.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-new.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-open.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-paste.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-print.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-properties.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-quit.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-refresh.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-remove.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-save-as.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-save.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-select-all.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-sort-ascending.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-sort-descending.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-spell-check.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-stop.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-underline.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-zoom-100.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-zoom-fit.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-zoom-in.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/gtk-zoom-out.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/help.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/kfind.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/kfm_home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/leftjust.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/lock.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail_forward.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail_new.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail_reply.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail_replyall.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail_send.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/mail_spam.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/next.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/player_eject.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/player_end.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/player_fwd.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/player_pause.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/player_play.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/player_record.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/player_rew.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/player_start.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/player_stop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/previous.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/redhat-home.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/redo.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/reload.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/reload3.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/reload_all_tabs.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/reload_page.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/remove.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/revert.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/rightjust.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/search.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/start.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_about.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_bottom.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_close.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_copy.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_cut.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_delete.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_down.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_file-properites.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_first.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_fullscreen.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_help.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_home.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_last.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_leave-fullscreen.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_left.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_mail-compose.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_mail-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_mail-reply.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_mail-send.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_media-fwd.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_media-next.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_media-pause.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_media-play.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_media-prev.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_media-rec.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_media-rew.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_media-stop.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_new-address-book.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_new-appointment.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_new-bcard.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_new-dir.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_new-text.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_new-window.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_paste.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_print-setup.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_print.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_properties.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_redo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_refresh.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_right.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_save-as.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_save.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_search.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_select-all.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_spam.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_spellcheck.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_stop.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_text_bold.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_text_center.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_text_indent.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_text_italic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_text_justify.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_text_left.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_text_right.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_text_underlined.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_text_unindent.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_top.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_undo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_up.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_zoom-1.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_zoom-in.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_zoom-out.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stock_zoom-page.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/stop.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/text_bold.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/text_italic.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/text_strike.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/text_under.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/top.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/undo.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/up.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/viewmag+.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/viewmag-.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/viewmag1.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/viewmagfit.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/window_fullscreen.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/window_new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/window_nofullscreen.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/xfce-system-exit.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/xfce-system-lock.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/actions/zoom-best-fit.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/animations/gnome-spinner.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/Thunar.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/VBox.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/Vbox.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/Xfwm4CompositeEditor.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/access.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/accessibility-directory.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/arts.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/background.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/blueman-device.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/blueman.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/calc.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/ccsm.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/compiz-manager.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/config-language.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/config-users.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/engrampa.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/file-manager.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/file.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/fonts.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-calculator.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-character-map.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-help.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-mixer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-monitor.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-settings-background.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-settings-font.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-settings-keybindings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-software.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-terminal.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gnome-window-manager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/gucharmap.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/kcalc.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/kcharselect.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/kcmkwm.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/kcmsound.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/kedit.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/key_bindings.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/kfm.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/khelpcenter.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/konsole.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/kscreensaver.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/ksysguard.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/kuser.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/kwin.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/locale.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/multimedia.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/openterm.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.ScreenSaver.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.filemanager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.mousepad.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.panel.tasklist.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.panel.windowmenu.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.parole.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.ristretto.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.screenshooter.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.settings.accessibility.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.settings.appearance.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.settings.editor.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.settings.keyboard.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.settings.manager.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.taskmanager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.terminal-settings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.terminal.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.terminalemulator.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.thunar.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.webbrowser.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.xfburn.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4-tweaks.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/parole.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/plank.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-desktop.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-system-power-manager.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/preferences-system-power.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/redhat-filemanager.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/ristretto.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/screensaver.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/softwarecenter-ubuntu.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/style.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/susehelpcenter.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/system-config-users.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/terminal.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/text-editor.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/update-manager.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/vbox.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/virtual-box.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/volume-knob.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/wallpaper.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xfburn.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xfce-edit.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xfce-filemanager.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xfce-man.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xfce-terminal.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xfce4-backdrop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xfce4-mixer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xfce4-settings.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xfce4-ui.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xfsm-switch-user.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xfwm4.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/xscreensaver.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/apps/zen-icon.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/applications-games.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/gnome-applications.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/gnome-control-center.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/gnome-devel.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/gnome-globe.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/gnome-graphics.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/gnome-joystick.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/gnome-multimedia.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/gnome-other.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/gnome-settings.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/gnome-system.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/gnome-util.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/gtk-preferences.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/input_devices_settings.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/kcontrol.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/package_development.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/package_games.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/package_graphics.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/package_multimedia.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/package_network.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/package_office.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/package_settings.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/package_system.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/package_utilities.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/redhat-accessories.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/redhat-games.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/redhat-graphics.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/redhat-internet.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/redhat-office.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/redhat-preferences.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/redhat-programming.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/redhat-sound_video.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/redhat-system_settings.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/redhat-system_tools.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/stock_internet.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/xfce-devel.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/xfce-graphics.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/xfce-internet.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/xfce-multimedia.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/xfce-office.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/xfce-system-settings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/xfce-system.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/xfce-utils.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/categories/xfce4-settings.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/3floppy_unmount.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/camera.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/camera_unmount.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/cdrom_unmount.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/chardevice.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/display.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/drive-cdrom.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/dvd_unmount.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-battery.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-ethernet.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-dev-wavelan.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-fs-client.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-modem.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gnome-stock-mic.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gtk-cdrom.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gtk-floppy.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/gtk-harddisk.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/harddrive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/hdd_unmount.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/ipod_mount.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/joystick.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/keyboard.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/kjobviewer.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/kxkb.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/media-cdrom.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/media-removable.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/mouse.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/nm-adhoc.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/nm-device-wired.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/nm-device-wireless.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/printer-remote.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/printer1.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/printmgr.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/stock_cell-phone.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/stock_mic.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/stock_printers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/system-floppy.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/system.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/xfce-printer.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/xfce4-display.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/xfce4-keyboard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/xfce4-mouse.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/yast_HD.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/yast_idetude.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/yast_joystick.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/yast_mouse.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/yast_printer.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/devices/yast_soundcard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-noread.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emblems/emblem-nowrite.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-1.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-10.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-11.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-13.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-15.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-18.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-2.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-22.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-3.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-4.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-5.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-6.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-7.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/emotes/stock_smiley-8.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-install.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-x-bittorrent.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-xml-dtd.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/application-xslt+xml.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/ascii.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/binary.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/contents2.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/document.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/empty.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/exec.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/folder_tar.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/font.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/font_truetype.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/font_type1.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-magicpoint.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.lotus-1-2-3.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-excel.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-secure.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-vbr.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.calc.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.impress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bittorrent.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnumeric.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kpresenter.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kspread.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shockwave-flash.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xml.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcalendar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcard.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gnome-package.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/gtk-file.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/html.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/image.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/kpresenter_kpr.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/misc.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/package.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/package_editors.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/plan.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/rpm.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/shellscript.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/sound.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/spreadsheet.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/stock_addressbook.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/stock_calendar.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/stock_script.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/tar.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/template_source.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/text-rdf+xml.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/text-x-opml+xml.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/text-xhtml+xml.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/text-xml.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/tgz.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/torrent.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/txt.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/txt2.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/vcalendar.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/vcard.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/video.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/www.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/mimetypes/zip.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/desktop.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/distributor-logo.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/emptytrash.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/folder_home.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-fs-directory.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-fs-home.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-fs-server.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-fs-share.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-fs-smb.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-main-menu.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gnome-stock-trash.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gtk-directory.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/gtk-network.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/inode-directory.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/network.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/novell-button.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/org.xfce.gigolo.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/org.xfce.xfdesktop.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/redhat-network-server.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/server.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/start-here.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/stock_folder.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/trashcan_empty.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/places/xfce-trash_empty.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/connect_creating.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/connect_established.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/connect_no.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/edittrash.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/error.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/folder_open.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gnome-netstatus-disconn.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gnome-netstatus-error.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gnome-netstatus-idle.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gnome-netstatus-rx.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gnome-netstatus-tx.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gnome-netstatus-txrx.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gtk-dialog-authentication.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gtk-dialog-error.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gtk-dialog-info.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gtk-dialog-question.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gtk-directory.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/gtk-missing-image.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/important.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/info.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/messagebox_critical.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/messagebox_info.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/messagebox_warning.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/nm-no-connection.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_appointment-reminder-excl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_appointment-reminder.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_attach.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_dialog-error.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_dialog-info.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_dialog-question.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_dialog-warning.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_lock-broken.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_lock-ok.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_lock-open.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_lock.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_mail-open.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_mail-replied.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_mail-unread.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_open.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_repeat.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_shuffle.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_trash_full.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_volume-0.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_volume-max.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_volume-med.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_volume-min.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_volume-mute.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_volume.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_weather-cloudy.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_weather-few-clouds.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_weather-fog.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_weather-night-clear.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_weather-showers.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_weather-snow.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_weather-storm.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/stock_weather-sunny.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/sunny.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/trashcan_full.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/32x32/status/xfce-trash_full.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/add.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/appointment.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/back.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/bookmark_add.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/bookmarks_list_add.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/bottom.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/centrejust.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/down.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/editclear.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/editcopy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/editcut.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/editdelete.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/editpaste.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/exit.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/filefind.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/filenew.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/fileopen.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/fileprint.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/filesave.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/filesaveas.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/find.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/finish.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/folder_new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/forward.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gnome-lockscreen.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gnome-run.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gnome-searchtool.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gnome-stock-mail-snd.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gnome-stock-text-indent.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/go-jump.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gohome.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-about.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-add.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-bold.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-cancel.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-clear.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-close.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-copy.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-cut.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-delete.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-execute.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-find.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-fullscreen.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-go-down.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-go-up.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-goto-top.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-help.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-indent-ltr.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-indent-rtl.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-italic.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-jump-to-ltr.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-jump-to-rtl.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-justify-center.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-justify-fill.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-justify-left.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-justify-right.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-leave-fullscreen.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-media-forward-ltr.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-media-forward-rtl.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-media-next-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-media-next-rtl.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-media-pause.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-media-play-ltr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-media-previous-ltr.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-media-previous-rtl.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-media-record.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-media-stop.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-new.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-open.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-paste.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-print.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-properties.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-quit.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-refresh.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-remove.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-save-as.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-save.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-select-all.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-sort-ascending.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-sort-descending.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-spell-check.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-stop.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-strikethrough.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-underline.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-unindent-ltr.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-unindent-rtl.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-zoom-100.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-zoom-fit.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-zoom-in.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/gtk-zoom-out.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/help.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/kfind.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/kfm_home.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/leftjust.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/lock.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail_forward.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail_new.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail_reply.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail_replyall.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail_send.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/mail_spam.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/next.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/player_eject.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/player_end.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/player_fwd.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/player_pause.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/player_play.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/player_record.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/player_rew.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/player_start.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/player_stop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/previous.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/redhat-home.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/redo.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/reload.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/reload3.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/reload_all_tabs.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/reload_page.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/remove.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/revert.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/rightjust.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/search.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/start.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_about.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_add-bookmark.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_bottom.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_close.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_copy.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_cut.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_delete.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_down.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_file-properites.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_first.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_fullscreen.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_help.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_home.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_last.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_leave-fullscreen.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_left.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_mail-compose.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_mail-forward.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_mail-reply.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_mail-send.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_media-fwd.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_media-next.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_media-pause.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_media-play.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_media-prev.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_media-rec.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_media-rew.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_media-stop.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_new-address-book.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_new-appointment.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_new-bcard.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_new-dir.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_new-text.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_new-window.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_paste.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_print-setup.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_print.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_properties.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_redo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_refresh.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_right.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_save-as.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_save.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_search-and-replace.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_search.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_select-all.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_spam.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_spellcheck.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_stop.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_text-strikethrough.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_text_bold.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_text_center.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_text_indent.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_text_italic.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_text_justify.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_text_left.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_text_right.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_text_underlined.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_text_unindent.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_top.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_undo.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_up.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_zoom-1.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_zoom-in.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_zoom-out.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stock_zoom-page.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/stop.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/system-restart.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/text_bold.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/text_italic.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/text_strike.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/text_under.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/top.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/undo.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/up.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/viewmag+.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/viewmag-.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/viewmag1.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/viewmagfit.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/window_fullscreen.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/window_new.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/window_nofullscreen.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/xfce-system-exit.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/xfce-system-lock.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/xfsm-hibernate.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/actions/zoom-best-fit.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/animations/gnome-spinner.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/Thunar.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/VBox.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/Vbox.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/Xfwm4CompositeEditor.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/access.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/accessibility-directory.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/arts.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/background.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/blueman-device.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/blueman.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/calc.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/ccsm.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/compiz-manager.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/config-language.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/config-users.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/engrampa.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/file-manager.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/file.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/fonts.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-calculator.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-character-map.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-help.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-mixer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-monitor.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-settings-accessibility-technologies.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-settings-background.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-settings-font.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-settings-keybindings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-settings-theme.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-software.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-terminal.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gnome-window-manager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/gucharmap.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/kcalc.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/kcharselect.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/kcmkwm.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/kcmsound.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/kedit.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/key_bindings.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/kfm.png                              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/khelpcenter.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/konsole.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/kscreensaver.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/ksysguard.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/kuser.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/kwin.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/locale.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/multimedia.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/openterm.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.ScreenSaver.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.filemanager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.mousepad.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.panel.tasklist.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.panel.windowmenu.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.parole.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.ristretto.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.screenshooter.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.settings.accessibility.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.settings.appearance.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.settings.editor.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.settings.keyboard.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.settings.manager.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.taskmanager.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.terminal-settings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.terminal.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.terminalemulator.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.thunar.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.webbrowser.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.xfburn.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4-tweaks.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/org.xfce.xfwm4.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/parole.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/plank.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-desktop.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-system-power-manager.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/preferences-system-power.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/redhat-filemanager.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/ristretto.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/screensaver.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/softwarecenter-ubuntu.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/style.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/susehelpcenter.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/system-config-users.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/terminal.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/text-editor.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/update-manager.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/vbox.png                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/virtual-box.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/volume-knob.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/wallpaper.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xfburn.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xfce-edit.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xfce-filemanager.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xfce-man.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xfce-terminal.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xfce4-backdrop.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xfce4-mixer.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xfce4-settings.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xfce4-ui.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xfsm-switch-user.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xfwm4.png                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/xscreensaver.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/apps/zen-icon.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/applications-games.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/gnome-applications.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/gnome-control-center.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/gnome-devel.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/gnome-globe.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/gnome-graphics.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/gnome-joystick.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/gnome-multimedia.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/gnome-other.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/gnome-settings.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/gnome-system.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/gnome-util.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/input_devices_settings.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/kcontrol.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/package_development.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/package_games.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/package_graphics.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/package_multimedia.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/package_network.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/package_office.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/package_settings.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/package_system.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/package_utilities.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/redhat-accessories.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/redhat-games.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/redhat-graphics.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/redhat-internet.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/redhat-office.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/redhat-preferences.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/redhat-programming.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/redhat-sound_video.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/redhat-system_settings.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/redhat-system_tools.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/stock_internet.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/xfce-devel.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/xfce-graphics.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/xfce-internet.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/xfce-multimedia.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/xfce-office.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/xfce-system-settings.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/xfce-system.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/xfce-utils.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/categories/xfce4-settings.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/3floppy_unmount.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/camera.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/camera_unmount.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/cdrom_unmount.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/cdwriter_unmount.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/chardevice.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/display.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/drive-cdrom.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/dvd_unmount.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-battery.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-computer.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-ethernet.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-printer.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-removable.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-dev-wavelan.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-fs-client.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-modem.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gnome-stock-mic.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gtk-cdrom.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gtk-floppy.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/gtk-harddisk.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/harddrive.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/hdd_unmount.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/ipod_mount.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/joystick.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/keyboard.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/kjobviewer.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/kxkb.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/media-cdrom.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/media-removable.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/mouse.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/nm-adhoc.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/nm-device-wired.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/nm-device-wireless.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/printer-remote.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/printer1.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/printmgr.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/stock_cell-phone.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/stock_mic.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/stock_printers.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/system-floppy.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/system.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/xfce-printer.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/xfce4-display.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/xfce4-keyboard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/xfce4-mouse.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/yast_HD.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/yast_idetude.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/yast_joystick.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/yast_mouse.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/yast_printer.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/devices/yast_soundcard.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-noread.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emblems/emblem-nowrite.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-1.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-10.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-11.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-13.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-15.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-18.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-2.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-22.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-3.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-4.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-5.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-6.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-7.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/emotes/stock_smiley-8.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-install.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroEnabled.12.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-x-bittorrent.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-xml-dtd.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/application-xslt+xml.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/ascii.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/binary.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/contents2.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/document.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/empty.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/exec.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/folder_tar.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/font.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/font_bitmap.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/font_truetype.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/font_type1.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-magicpoint.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.lotus-1-2-3.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-excel.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-secure.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-vbr.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.calc.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.impress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-spreadsheet.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bittorrent.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnumeric.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kpresenter.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kspread.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shockwave-flash.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xml.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.png  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcalendar.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcard.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gnome-package.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/gtk-file.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/html.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/image.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/kpresenter_kpr.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/mime_ascii.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/misc.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/package.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/package_editors.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/plan.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/rpm.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/shellscript.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/sound.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/spreadsheet.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/stock_addressbook.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/stock_calendar.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/stock_script.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/tar.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/template_source.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/text-rdf+xml.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/text-x-opml+xml.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/text-xhtml+xml.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/text-xml.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/tgz.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/torrent.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/txt.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/txt2.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/vcalendar.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/vcard.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/video.png                       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/wordprocessing.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/www.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/mimetypes/zip.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/desktop.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/distributor-logo.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/emptytrash.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/folder_home.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-fs-desktop.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-fs-directory.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-fs-ftp.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-fs-home.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-fs-nfs.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-fs-server.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-fs-share.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-fs-smb.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-fs-ssh.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-main-menu.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gnome-stock-trash.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gtk-directory.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/gtk-network.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/inode-directory.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/network.png                        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/novell-button.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/org.xfce.gigolo.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/org.xfce.panel.directorymenu.png   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/org.xfce.panel.showdesktop.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/org.xfce.xfdesktop.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/redhat-network-server.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/server.png                         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/start-here.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/stock_folder.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/trashcan_empty.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/places/xfce-trash_empty.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/connect_creating.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/connect_established.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/connect_no.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/edittrash.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/error.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/folder_open.png                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gnome-fs-loading-icon.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gnome-fs-trash-full.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gnome-netstatus-disconn.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gnome-netstatus-error.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gnome-netstatus-idle.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gnome-netstatus-rx.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gnome-netstatus-tx.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gnome-netstatus-txrx.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gnome-stock-trash-full.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gtk-dialog-authentication.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gtk-dialog-error.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gtk-dialog-info.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gtk-dialog-question.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gtk-dialog-warning.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gtk-directory.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/gtk-missing-image.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/important.png                      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/info.png                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/messagebox_critical.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/messagebox_info.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/messagebox_warning.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/nm-no-connection.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_appointment-reminder-excl.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_appointment-reminder.png     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_attach.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_dialog-error.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_dialog-info.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_dialog-question.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_dialog-warning.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_lock-broken.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_lock-ok.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_lock-open.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_lock.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_mail-open.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_mail-replied.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_mail-unread.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_open.png                     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_repeat.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_shuffle.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_trash_full.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_volume-0.png                 sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_volume-max.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_volume-med.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_volume-min.png               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_volume-mute.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_volume.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_weather-cloudy.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_weather-few-clouds.png       sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_weather-fog.png              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_weather-night-clear.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.png sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_weather-showers.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_weather-snow.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_weather-storm.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/stock_weather-sunny.png            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/sunny.png                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/trashcan_full.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/48x48/status/xfce-trash_full.png                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/8x8/emblems/emblem-noread.png                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/8x8/emblems/emblem-nowrite.png                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/00008160000006810000408080010102        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/028006030e0e7ebffc7f7070c0600140        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/03b6e0fcb3499374a867c041f52298f0        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/08e8e1c95fe2fc01f976f1e063a24ccd        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/1081e37283d90000800003c07f3ef6bf        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/14fef782d02440884392942c11205230        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/2870a09082c103050810ffdffffe0204        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/3085a0e285430894940527032f8b26df        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/3ecb610c1bf2410f44200f48c40d3599        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/4498f0e0c1937ffe01fd06f973665830        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/5c6cd98b3f3ebcb1f9c7f1c204630408        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/6407b0e94181790501fd1e167b474872        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/640fb0e74195791501fd1ed57b41487f        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/9081237383d90e509aa00f00170e968f        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/9d800788f1b08800ae810202380a0822        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/arrow                                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/c7088f0f3e6c8088236ef8e1e3e70000        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/cross_reverse                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/d9ce0ab605698f320427677b458ad60b        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/diamond_cross                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/dot_box_mask                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/double_arrow                            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/draft_large                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/draft_small                             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/draped_box                              sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/e29285e634086352946a0e7090d73106        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/fcf1c3c7cd4491d801f1e1c78f100000        sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/fleur                                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/h_double_arrow                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/hand                                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/hand1                                   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/help                                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/icon                                    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/left_ptr_help                           sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/pirate                                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/target                                  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/top_left_arrow                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/cursors/v_double_arrow                          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/system-log-out-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/xfsm-lock-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/actions/xfsm-shutdown-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/apps/xfce4-whiskermenu.svg             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/categories/org.xfce.settings.manager-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/categories/preferences-system-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/devices/network-wired-symbolic.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/ac-adapter-symbolic.svg         sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-error.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-idle.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-no-route.svg            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-offline-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-offline.svg             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-receive-symbolic.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-receive.svg             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-transmit-receive-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-transmit-receive.svg    sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-transmit-symbolic.svg   sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-transmit.svg            sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wired-acquiring.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wired-disconnected-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wired-disconnected.svg  sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wired-no-route-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wired-offline-symbolic.svg sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/network-wired.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-device-wired.svg             sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-device-wireless.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-signal-100.svg               sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-signal-25.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-signal-50.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-signal-75.svg                sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage02-connecting01.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage02-connecting02.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage02-connecting03.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage02-connecting04.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage02-connecting05.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage02-connecting06.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage02-connecting07.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage02-connecting08.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage02-connecting09.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage02-connecting10.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage02-connecting11.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage03-connecting01.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage03-connecting02.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage03-connecting03.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage03-connecting04.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage03-connecting05.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage03-connecting06.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage03-connecting07.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage03-connecting08.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage03-connecting09.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage03-connecting10.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-stage03-connecting11.svg     sr-undercover
usr/share/icons/Windows-10-Icons/scalable/status/nm-vpn-lock-active.svg          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css                                  sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Dark/gtk-4.0/assets                                        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gnome-shell/assets                                   sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-3.0/assets                                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Light/gtk-4.0/assets                                       sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-3.0/gtk-dark.css                           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Dark/gtk-4.0/assets                                 sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gnome-shell/assets                            sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-3.0/assets                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Kali-Purple-Light/gtk-4.0/assets                                sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive-unfocused.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-insensitive-unfocused@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-unfocused.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-checked-unfocused@2.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive-unfocused.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-insensitive-unfocused@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-unfocused.png          sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-mixed-unfocused@2.png        sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive-unfocused.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-insensitive-unfocused@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-unfocused.png      sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/checkbox-unchecked-unfocused@2.png    sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive-unfocused.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-insensitive-unfocused@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-unfocused.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-checked-unfocused@2.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive-unfocused.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-insensitive-unfocused@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-unfocused.png             sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-mixed-unfocused@2.png           sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive-unfocused.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-insensitive-unfocused@2.png sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-unfocused.png         sr-undercover
usr/share/themes/Windows-10/gtk-3.0/assets/radio-unchecked-unfocused@2.png       sr-undercover
etc/usbmount/mount.d/00_create_model_symlink                                     usbmount
etc/usbmount/umount.d/00_remove_model_symlink                                    usbmount
etc/usbmount/usbmount.conf                                                       usbmount
lib/systemd/system/usbmount@.service                                             usbmount
lib/udev/rules.d/90-usbmount.rules                                               usbmount
usr/share/doc/usbmount/README.md.gz                                              usbmount
usr/share/doc/usbmount/changelog.gz                                              usbmount
usr/share/doc/usbmount/copyright                                                 usbmount
usr/share/usbmount/usbmount                                                      usbmount
